<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: http://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 27</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-27" epub:type="chapter">
    <h2 epub:type="title"><span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXVII</span><span epub:type="subtitle">A Supper Party at The Savoy</span></h2>
    <p>
      The supper party given by Mr. Julius Hersheimmer to a few friends on the
      evening of the 30th will long be remembered in catering circles. It took
      place in a private room, and Mr. Hersheimmer&rsquo;s orders were brief and
      forcible. He gave carte blanche&mdash;and when a millionaire gives carte
      blanche he usually gets it!
    </p>
    <p>
      Every delicacy out of season was duly provided. Waiters carried bottles of
      ancient and royal vintage with loving care. The floral decorations defied
      the seasons, and fruits of the earth as far apart as May and November
      found themselves miraculously side by side. The list of guests was small
      and select. The American Ambassador, Mr. Carter, who had taken the
      liberty, he said, of bringing an old friend, Sir William Beresford, with
      him, Archdeacon Cowley, Dr. Hall, those two youthful adventurers, Miss
      Prudence Cowley and Mr. Thomas Beresford, and last, but not least, as
      guest of honour, Miss Jane Finn.
    </p>
    <p>
      Julius had spared no pains to make Jane&rsquo;s appearance a success. A
      mysterious knock had brought Tuppence to the door of the apartment she was
      sharing with the American girl. It was Julius. In his hand he held a
      cheque.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Say, Tuppence,&rdquo; he began, &ldquo;will you do me a good turn? Take this, and get
      Jane regularly togged up for this evening. You&rsquo;re all coming to supper
      with me at the Savoy. See? Spare no expense. You get me?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Sure thing,&rdquo; mimicked Tuppence. &ldquo;We shall enjoy ourselves. It will be a
      pleasure dressing Jane. She&rsquo;s the loveliest thing I&rsquo;ve ever seen.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s so,&rdquo; agreed Mr. Hersheimmer fervently.
    </p>
    <p>
      His fervour brought a momentary twinkle to Tuppence&rsquo;s eye.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;By the way, Julius,&rdquo; she remarked demurely, &ldquo;I&mdash;haven&rsquo;t given you my
      answer yet.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Answer?&rdquo; said Julius. His face paled.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You know&mdash;when you asked me to&mdash;marry you,&rdquo; faltered Tuppence,
      her eyes downcast in the true manner of the early Victorian heroine, &ldquo;and
      wouldn&rsquo;t take no for an answer. I&rsquo;ve thought it well over&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes?&rdquo; said Julius. The perspiration stood on his forehead.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence relented suddenly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You great idiot!&rdquo; she said. &ldquo;What on earth induced you to do it? I could
      see at the time you didn&rsquo;t care a twopenny dip for me!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Not at all. I had&mdash;and still have&mdash;the highest sentiments of
      esteem and respect&mdash;and admiration for you&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;H&rsquo;m!&rdquo; said Tuppence. &ldquo;Those are the kind of sentiments that very soon go
      to the wall when the other sentiment comes along! Don&rsquo;t they, old thing?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know what you mean,&rdquo; said Julius stiffly, but a large and burning
      blush overspread his countenance.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Shucks!&rdquo; retorted Tuppence. She laughed, and closed the door, reopening
      it to add with dignity: &ldquo;Morally, I shall always consider I have been
      jilted!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What was it?&rdquo; asked Jane as Tuppence rejoined her.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Julius.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What did he want?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Really, I think, he wanted to see you, but I wasn&rsquo;t going to let him. Not
      until to-night, when you&rsquo;re going to burst upon every one like King
      Solomon in his glory! Come on! <i>We&rsquo;re going to shop!</i>&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      To most people the 29th, the much-heralded &ldquo;Labour Day,&rdquo; had passed much
      as any other day. Speeches were made in the Park and Trafalgar Square.
      Straggling processions, singing the <i>Red Flag</i>, wandered through the streets
      in a more or less aimless manner. Newspapers which had hinted at a general
      strike, and the inauguration of a reign of terror, were forced to hide
      their diminished heads. The bolder and more astute among them sought to
      prove that peace had been effected by following their counsels. In the
      Sunday papers a brief notice of the sudden death of Sir James Peel
      Edgerton, the famous K.C., had appeared. Monday&rsquo;s paper dealt
      appreciatively with the dead man&rsquo;s career. The exact manner of his sudden
      death was never made public.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy had been right in his forecast of the situation. It had been a
      one-man show. Deprived of their chief, the organization fell to pieces.
      Kramenin had made a precipitate return to Russia, leaving England early on
      Sunday morning. The gang had fled from Astley Priors in a panic, leaving
      behind, in their haste, various damaging documents which compromised them
      hopelessly. With these proofs of conspiracy in their hands, aided further
      by a small brown diary taken from the pocket of the dead man which had
      contained a full and damning résumé of the whole plot, the Government had
      called an eleventh-hour conference. The Labour leaders were forced to
      recognize that they had been used as a cat&rsquo;s paw. Certain concessions were
      made by the Government, and were eagerly accepted. It was to be Peace, not
      War!
    </p>
    <p>
      But the Cabinet knew by how narrow a margin they had escaped utter
      disaster. And burnt in on Mr. Carter&rsquo;s brain was the strange scene which
      had taken place in the house in Soho the night before.
    </p>
    <p>
      He had entered the squalid room to find that great man, the friend of a
      lifetime, dead&mdash;betrayed out of his own mouth. From the dead man&rsquo;s
      pocket-book he had retrieved the ill-omened draft treaty, and then and
      there, in the presence of the other three, it had been reduced to
      ashes.... England was saved!
    </p>
    <p>
      And now, on the evening of the 30th, in a private room at the Savoy, Mr.
      Julius <abbr class="name">P.</abbr> Hersheimmer was receiving his guests.
    </p>
    <p>
      Mr. Carter was the first to arrive. With him was a choleric-looking old
      gentleman, at sight of whom Tommy flushed up to the roots of his hair. He
      came forward.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Ha!&rdquo; said the old gentleman, surveying him apoplectically. &ldquo;So you&rsquo;re my
      nephew, are you? Not much to look at&mdash;but you&rsquo;ve done good work, it
      seems. Your mother must have brought you up well after all. Shall we let
      bygones be bygones, eh? You&rsquo;re my heir, you know; and in future I propose
      to make you an allowance&mdash;and you can look upon Chalmers Park as your
      home.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Thank you, sir, it&rsquo;s awfully decent of you.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Where&rsquo;s this young lady I&rsquo;ve been hearing such a lot about?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy introduced Tuppence.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Ha!&rdquo; said Sir William, eyeing her. &ldquo;Girls aren&rsquo;t what they used to be in
      my young days.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, they are,&rdquo; said Tuppence. &ldquo;Their clothes are different, perhaps, but
      they themselves are just the same.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well, perhaps you&rsquo;re right. Minxes then&mdash;minxes now!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s it,&rdquo; said Tuppence. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m a frightful minx myself.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I believe you,&rdquo; said the old gentleman, chuckling, and pinched her ear in
      high good-humour. Most young women were terrified of the &ldquo;old bear,&rdquo; as
      they termed him. Tuppence&rsquo;s pertness delighted the old misogynist.
    </p>
    <p>
      Then came the timid archdeacon, a little bewildered by the company in
      which he found himself, glad that his daughter was considered to have
      distinguished herself, but unable to help glancing at her from time to
      time with nervous apprehension. But Tuppence behaved admirably. She
      forbore to cross her legs, set a guard upon her tongue, and steadfastly
      refused to smoke.
    </p>
    <p>
      Dr. Hall came next, and he was followed by the American Ambassador.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;We might as well sit down,&rdquo; said Julius, when he had introduced all his
      guests to each other. &ldquo;Tuppence, will you&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      He indicated the place of honour with a wave of his hand.
    </p>
    <p>
      But Tuppence shook her head.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No&mdash;that&rsquo;s Jane&rsquo;s place! When one thinks of how she&rsquo;s held out all
      these years, she ought to be made the queen of the feast to-night.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Julius flung her a grateful glance, and Jane came forward shyly to the
      allotted seat. Beautiful as she had seemed before, it was as nothing to
      the loveliness that now went fully adorned. Tuppence had performed her
      part faithfully. The model gown supplied by a famous dressmaker had been
      entitled &ldquo;A tiger lily.&rdquo; It was all golds and reds and browns, and out of
      it rose the pure column of the girl&rsquo;s white throat, and the bronze masses
      of hair that crowned her lovely head. There was admiration in every eye,
      as she took her seat.
    </p>
    <p>
      Soon the supper party was in full swing, and with one accord Tommy was
      called upon for a full and complete explanation.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You&rsquo;ve been too darned close about the whole business,&rdquo; Julius accused
      him. &ldquo;You let on to me that you were off to the Argentine&mdash;though I
      guess you had your reasons for that. The idea of both you and Tuppence
      casting me for the part of Mr. Brown just tickles me to death!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The idea was not original to them,&rdquo; said Mr. Carter gravely. &ldquo;It was
      suggested, and the poison very carefully instilled, by a past-master in
      the art. The paragraph in the New York paper suggested the plan to him,
      and by means of it he wove a web that nearly enmeshed you fatally.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I never liked him,&rdquo; said Julius. &ldquo;I felt from the first that there was
      something wrong about him, and I always suspected that it was he who
      silenced Mrs. Vandemeyer so appositely. But it wasn&rsquo;t till I heard that
      the order for Tommy&rsquo;s execution came right on the heels of our interview
      with him that Sunday that I began to tumble to the fact that he was the
      big bug himself.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I never suspected it at all,&rdquo; lamented Tuppence. &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve always thought I
      was so much cleverer than Tommy&mdash;but he&rsquo;s undoubtedly scored over me
      handsomely.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Julius agreed.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tommy&rsquo;s been the goods this trip! And, instead of sitting there as dumb
      as a fish, let him banish his blushes, and tell us all about it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Hear! hear!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;There&rsquo;s nothing to tell,&rdquo; said Tommy, acutely uncomfortable. &ldquo;I was an
      awful mug&mdash;right up to the time I found that photograph of Annette,
      and realized that she was Jane Finn. Then I remembered how persistently
      she had shouted out that word &lsquo;Marguerite&rsquo;&mdash;and I thought of the
      pictures, and&mdash;well, that&rsquo;s that. Then of course I went over the
      whole thing to see where I&rsquo;d made an ass of myself.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Go on,&rdquo; said Mr. Carter, as Tommy showed signs of taking refuge in
      silence once more.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That business about Mrs. Vandemeyer had worried me when Julius told me
      about it. On the face of it, it seemed that he or Sir James must have done
      the trick. But I didn&rsquo;t know which. Finding that photograph in the drawer,
      after that story of how it had been got from him by Inspector Brown, made
      me suspect Julius. Then I remembered that it was Sir James who had
      discovered the false Jane Finn. In the end, I couldn&rsquo;t make up my mind&mdash;and
      just decided to take no chances either way. I left a note for Julius, in
      case he was Mr. Brown, saying I was off to the Argentine, and I dropped
      Sir James&rsquo;s letter with the offer of the job by the desk so that he would
      see it was a genuine stunt. Then I wrote my letter to Mr. Carter and rang
      up Sir James. Taking him into my confidence would be the best thing either
      way, so I told him everything except where I believed the papers to be
      hidden. The way he helped me to get on the track of Tuppence and Annette
      almost disarmed me, but not quite. I kept my mind open between the two of
      them. And then I got a bogus note from Tuppence&mdash;and I knew!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;But how?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy took the note in question from his pocket and passed it round the
      table.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It&rsquo;s her handwriting all right, but I knew it wasn&rsquo;t from her because of
      the signature. She&rsquo;d never spell her name &lsquo;Twopence,&rsquo; but anyone who&rsquo;d
      never seen it written might quite easily do so. Julius <i>had</i> seen it&mdash;he
      showed me a note of hers to him once&mdash;but <i>Sir James hadn&rsquo;t!</i> After
      that everything was plain sailing. I sent off Albert post-haste to Mr.
      Carter. I pretended to go away, but doubled back again. When Julius came
      bursting up in his car, I felt it wasn&rsquo;t part of Mr. Brown&rsquo;s plan&mdash;and
      that there would probably be trouble. Unless Sir James was actually caught
      in the act, so to speak, I knew Mr. Carter would never believe it of him
      on my bare word&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I didn&rsquo;t,&rdquo; interposed Mr. Carter ruefully.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s why I sent the girls off to Sir James. I was sure they&rsquo;d fetch up
      at the house in Soho sooner or later. I threatened Julius with the
      revolver, because I wanted Tuppence to repeat that to Sir James, so that
      he wouldn&rsquo;t worry about us. The moment the girls were out of sight I told
      Julius to drive like hell for London, and as we went along I told him the
      whole story. We got to the Soho house in plenty of time and met Mr. Carter
      outside. After arranging things with him we went in and hid behind the
      curtain in the recess. The policemen had orders to say, if they were
      asked, that no one had gone into the house. That&rsquo;s all.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      And Tommy came to an abrupt halt.
    </p>
    <p>
      There was silence for a moment.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;By the way,&rdquo; said Julius suddenly, &ldquo;you&rsquo;re all wrong about that
      photograph of Jane. It <i>was</i> taken from me, but I found it again.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Where?&rdquo; cried Tuppence.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;In that little safe on the wall in Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s bedroom.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I knew you found something,&rdquo; said Tuppence reproachfully. &ldquo;To tell you
      the truth, that&rsquo;s what started me off suspecting you. Why didn&rsquo;t you say?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I guess I was a mite suspicious too. It had been got away from me once,
      and I determined I wouldn&rsquo;t let on I&rsquo;d got it until a photographer had
      made a dozen copies of it!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;We all kept back something or other,&rdquo; said Tuppence thoughtfully. &ldquo;I
      suppose secret service work makes you like that!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      In the pause that ensued, Mr. Carter took from his pocket a small shabby
      brown book.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Beresford has just said that I would not have believed Sir James Peel
      Edgerton to be guilty unless, so to speak, he was caught in the act. That
      is so. Indeed, not until I read the entries in this little book could I
      bring myself fully to credit the amazing truth. This book will pass into
      the possession of Scotland Yard, but it will never be publicly exhibited.
      Sir James&rsquo;s long association with the law would make it undesirable. But
      to you, who know the truth, I propose to read certain passages which will
      throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      He opened the book, and turned the thin pages.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... It is madness to keep this book. I know that. It is documentary
      evidence against me. But I have never shrunk from taking risks. And I feel
      an urgent need for self-expression.... The book will only be taken from my
      dead body....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... From an early age I realized that I had exceptional abilities. Only a
      fool underestimates his capabilities. My brain power was greatly above the
      average. I know that I was born to succeed. My appearance was the only
      thing against me. I was quiet and insignificant&mdash;utterly
      nondescript....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... When I was a boy I heard a famous murder trial. I was deeply
      impressed by the power and eloquence of the counsel for the defence. For
      the first time I entertained the idea of taking my talents to that
      particular market.... Then I studied the criminal in the dock.... The man
      was a fool&mdash;he had been incredibly, unbelievably stupid. Even the
      eloquence of his counsel was hardly likely to save him. I felt an
      immeasurable contempt for him.... Then it occurred to me that the criminal
      standard was a low one. It was the wastrels, the failures, the general
      riff-raff of civilization who drifted into crime.... Strange that men of
      brains had never realized its extraordinary opportunities.... I played
      with the idea.... What a magnificent field&mdash;what unlimited
      possibilities! It made my brain reel....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... I read standard works on crime and criminals. They all confirmed my
      opinion. Degeneracy, disease&mdash;never the deliberate embracing of a
      career by a far-seeing man. Then I considered. Supposing my utmost
      ambitions were realized&mdash;that I was called to the bar, and rose to
      the height of my profession? That I entered politics&mdash;say, even, that
      I became Prime Minister of England? What then? Was that power? Hampered at
      every turn by my colleagues, fettered by the democratic system of which I
      should be the mere figurehead! No&mdash;the power I dreamed of was
      absolute! An autocrat! A dictator! And such power could only be obtained
      by working outside the law. To play on the weaknesses of human nature,
      then on the weaknesses of nations&mdash;to get together and control a vast
      organization, and finally to overthrow the existing order, and rule! The
      thought intoxicated me....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... I saw that I must lead two lives. A man like myself is bound to
      attract notice. I must have a successful career which would mask my true
      activities.... Also I must cultivate a personality. I modelled myself upon
      famous K.C.&lsquo;s. I reproduced their mannerisms, their magnetism. If I had
      chosen to be an actor, I should have been the greatest actor living! No
      disguises&mdash;no grease paint&mdash;no false beards! Personality! I put
      it on like a glove! When I shed it, I was myself, quiet, unobtrusive, a
      man like every other man. I called myself Mr. Brown. There are hundreds of
      men called Brown&mdash;there are hundreds of men looking just like me....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... I succeeded in my false career. I was bound to succeed. I shall
      succeed in the other. A man like me cannot fail....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... I have been reading a life of Napoleon. He and I have much in
      common....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... I make a practice of defending criminals. A man should look after his
      own people....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... Once or twice I have felt afraid. The first time was in Italy. There
      was a dinner given. Professor D&mdash;&mdash;, the great alienist, was
      present. The talk fell on insanity. He said, &lsquo;A great many men are mad,
      and no one knows it. They do not know it themselves.&rsquo; I do not understand
      why he looked at me when he said that. His glance was strange.... I did
      not like it....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... The war has disturbed me.... I thought it would further my plans. The
      Germans are so efficient. Their spy system, too, was excellent. The
      streets are full of these boys in khaki. All empty-headed young fools....
      Yet I do not know.... They won the war.... It disturbs me....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... My plans are going well.... A girl butted in&mdash;I do not think she
      really knew anything.... But we must give up the Esthonia.... No risks
      now....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;.... All goes well. The loss of memory is vexing. It cannot be a fake. No
      girl could deceive ME!...
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;...The 29th.... That is very soon....&rdquo; Mr. Carter paused.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I will not read the details of the <i>coup</i> that was planned. But there are
      just two small entries that refer to the three of you. In the light of
      what happened they are interesting.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;... By inducing the girl to come to me of her own accord, I have
      succeeded in disarming her. But she has intuitive flashes that might be
      dangerous.... She must be got out of the way.... I can do nothing with the
      American. He suspects and dislikes me. But he cannot know. I fancy my
      armour is impregnable.... Sometimes I fear I have underestimated the other
      boy. He is not clever, but it is hard to blind his eyes to facts....&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Mr. Carter shut the book.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;A great man,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;Genius, or insanity, who can say?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      There was silence.
    </p>
    <p>
      Then Mr. Carter rose to his feet.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I will give you a toast. The Joint Venture which has so amply justified
      itself by success!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      It was drunk with acclamation.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;There&rsquo;s something more we want to hear,&rdquo; continued Mr. Carter. He looked
      at the American Ambassador. &ldquo;I speak for you also, I know. We&rsquo;ll ask Miss
      Jane Finn to tell us the story that only Miss Tuppence has heard so far&mdash;but
      before we do so we&rsquo;ll drink her health. The health of one of the bravest
      of America&rsquo;s daughters, to whom is due the thanks and gratitude of two
      great countries!&rdquo;
     </p>


</section></body></html>
