<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: http://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 1</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-1" epub:type="chapter">
﻿<h2 epub:type="title"><span epub:type="z3998:roman">I</span><span epub:type="subtitle">The Young Adventurers, <abbr>Ltd.</abbr></span></h2>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tommy, old thing!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tuppence, old bean!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The two young people greeted each other affectionately, and momentarily
      blocked the Dover Street Tube exit in doing so. The adjective &ldquo;old&rdquo; was
      misleading. Their united ages would certainly not have totalled
      forty-five.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Not seen you for simply centuries,&rdquo; continued the young man. &ldquo;Where are
      you off to? Come and chew a bun with me. We&rsquo;re getting a bit unpopular
      here&mdash;blocking the gangway as it were. Let&rsquo;s get out of it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The girl assenting, they started walking down Dover Street towards
      Piccadilly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Now then,&rdquo; said Tommy, &ldquo;where shall we go?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The very faint anxiety which underlay his tone did not escape the astute
      ears of Miss Prudence Cowley, known to her intimate friends for some
      mysterious reason as &ldquo;Tuppence.&rdquo; She pounced at once.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tommy, you&rsquo;re stony!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Not a bit of it,&rdquo; declared Tommy unconvincingly. &ldquo;Rolling in cash.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You always were a shocking liar,&rdquo; said Tuppence severely, &ldquo;though you did
      once persuade Sister Greenbank that the doctor had ordered you beer as a
      tonic, but forgotten to write it on the chart. Do you remember?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy chuckled.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I should think I did! Wasn&rsquo;t the old cat in a rage when she found out?
      Not that she was a bad sort really, old Mother Greenbank! Good old
      hospital&mdash;demobbed like everything else, I suppose?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence sighed.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes. You too?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy nodded.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Two months ago.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Gratuity?&rdquo; hinted Tuppence.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Spent.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, Tommy!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No, old thing, not in riotous dissipation. No such luck! The cost of
      living&mdash;ordinary plain, or garden living nowadays is, I assure you,
      if you do not know&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;My dear child,&rdquo; interrupted Tuppence, &ldquo;there is nothing I do <i>not</i> know
      about the cost of living. Here we are at Lyons&rsquo;, and we will each of us
      pay for our own. That&rsquo;s it!&rdquo; And Tuppence led the way upstairs.
    </p>
    <p>
      The place was full, and they wandered about looking for a table, catching
      odds and ends of conversation as they did so.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And&mdash;do you know, she sat down and <i>cried</i> when I told her she
      couldn&rsquo;t have the flat after all.&rdquo; &ldquo;It was simply a <i>bargain</i>, my dear! Just
      like the one Mabel Lewis brought from Paris&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Funny scraps one does overhear,&rdquo; murmured Tommy. &ldquo;I passed two Johnnies
      in the street to-day talking about some one called Jane Finn. Did you ever
      hear such a name?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      But at that moment two elderly ladies rose and collected parcels, and
      Tuppence deftly ensconced herself in one of the vacant seats.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy ordered tea and buns. Tuppence ordered tea and buttered toast.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And mind the tea comes in separate teapots,&rdquo; she added severely.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy sat down opposite her. His bared head revealed a shock of
      exquisitely slicked-back red hair. His face was pleasantly ugly&mdash;nondescript,
      yet unmistakably the face of a gentleman and a sportsman. His brown suit
      was well cut, but perilously near the end of its tether.
    </p>
    <p>
      They were an essentially modern-looking couple as they sat there. Tuppence
      had no claim to beauty, but there was character and charm in the elfin
      lines of her little face, with its determined chin and large, wide-apart
      grey eyes that looked mistily out from under straight, black brows. She
      wore a small bright green toque over her black bobbed hair, and her
      extremely short and rather shabby skirt revealed a pair of uncommonly
      dainty ankles. Her appearance presented a valiant attempt at smartness.
    </p>
    <p>
      The tea came at last, and Tuppence, rousing herself from a fit of
      meditation, poured it out.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Now then,&rdquo; said Tommy, taking a large bite of bun, &ldquo;let&rsquo;s get up-to-date.
      Remember, I haven&rsquo;t seen you since that time in hospital in 1916.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Very well.&rdquo; Tuppence helped herself liberally to buttered toast.
      &ldquo;Abridged biography of Miss Prudence Cowley, fifth daughter of Archdeacon
      Cowley of Little Missendell, Suffolk. Miss Cowley left the delights (and
      drudgeries) of her home life early in the war and came up to London, where
      she entered an officers&rsquo; hospital. First month: Washed up six hundred and
      forty-eight plates every day. Second month: Promoted to drying aforesaid
      plates. Third month: Promoted to peeling potatoes. Fourth month: Promoted
      to cutting bread and butter. Fifth month: Promoted one floor up to duties
      of wardmaid with mop and pail. Sixth month: Promoted to waiting at table.
      Seventh month: Pleasing appearance and nice manners so striking that am
      promoted to waiting on the Sisters! Eighth month: Slight check in career.
      Sister Bond ate Sister Westhaven&rsquo;s egg! Grand row! Wardmaid clearly to
      blame! Inattention in such important matters cannot be too highly
      censured. Mop and pail again! How are the mighty fallen! Ninth month:
      Promoted to sweeping out wards, where I found a friend of my childhood in
      Lieutenant Thomas Beresford (bow, Tommy!), whom I had not seen for five
      long years. The meeting was affecting! Tenth month: Reproved by matron for
      visiting the pictures in company with one of the patients, namely: the
      aforementioned Lieutenant Thomas Beresford. Eleventh and twelfth months:
      Parlourmaid duties resumed with entire success. At the end of the year
      left hospital in a blaze of glory. After that, the talented Miss Cowley
      drove successively a trade delivery van, a motor-lorry and a general! The
      last was the pleasantest. He was quite a young general!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What blighter was that?&rdquo; inquired Tommy. &ldquo;Perfectly sickening the way
      those brass hats drove from the War Office to the Savoy, and from the
      Savoy to the War Office!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve forgotten his name now,&rdquo; confessed Tuppence. &ldquo;To resume, that was in
      a way the apex of my career. I next entered a Government office. We had
      several very enjoyable tea parties. I had intended to become a land girl,
      a postwoman, and a bus conductress by way of rounding off my career&mdash;but
      the Armistice intervened! I clung to the office with the true limpet touch
      for many long months, but, alas, I was combed out at last. Since then I&rsquo;ve
      been looking for a job. Now then&mdash;your turn.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;There&rsquo;s not so much promotion in mine,&rdquo; said Tommy regretfully, &ldquo;and a
      great deal less variety. I went out to France again, as you know. Then
      they sent me to Mesopotamia, and I got wounded for the second time, and
      went into hospital out there. Then I got stuck in Egypt till the Armistice
      happened, kicked my heels there some time longer, and, as I told you,
      finally got demobbed. And, for ten long, weary months I&rsquo;ve been job
      hunting! There aren&rsquo;t any jobs! And, if there were, they wouldn&rsquo;t give &lsquo;em
      to me. What good am I? What do I know about business? Nothing.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence nodded gloomily.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What about the colonies?&rdquo; she suggested.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy shook his head.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I shouldn&rsquo;t like the colonies&mdash;and I&rsquo;m perfectly certain they
      wouldn&rsquo;t like me!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Rich relations?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Again Tommy shook his head.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, Tommy, not even a great-aunt?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve got an old uncle who&rsquo;s more or less rolling, but he&rsquo;s no good.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Why not?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Wanted to adopt me once. I refused.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I think I remember hearing about it,&rdquo; said Tuppence slowly. &ldquo;You refused
      because of your mother&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy flushed.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, it would have been a bit rough on the mater. As you know, I was all
      she had. Old boy hated her&mdash;wanted to get me away from her. Just a
      bit of spite.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Your mother&rsquo;s dead, isn&rsquo;t she?&rdquo; said Tuppence gently.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy nodded.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence&rsquo;s large grey eyes looked misty.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You&rsquo;re a good sort, Tommy. I always knew it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Rot!&rdquo; said Tommy hastily. &ldquo;Well, that&rsquo;s my position. I&rsquo;m just about
      desperate.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;So am I! I&rsquo;ve hung out as long as I could. I&rsquo;ve touted round. I&rsquo;ve
      answered advertisements. I&rsquo;ve tried every mortal blessed thing. I&rsquo;ve
      screwed and saved and pinched! But it&rsquo;s no good. I shall have to go home!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t you want to?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Of course I don&rsquo;t want to! What&rsquo;s the good of being sentimental? Father&rsquo;s
      a dear&mdash;I&rsquo;m awfully fond of him&mdash;but you&rsquo;ve no idea how I worry
      him! He has that delightful early Victorian view that short skirts and
      smoking are immoral. You can imagine what a thorn in the flesh I am to
      him! He just heaved a sigh of relief when the war took me off. You see,
      there are seven of us at home. It&rsquo;s awful! All housework and mothers&rsquo;
      meetings! I have always been the changeling. I don&rsquo;t want to go back, but&mdash;oh,
      Tommy, what else is there to do?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy shook his head sadly. There was a silence, and then Tuppence burst
      out:
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Money, money, money! I think about money morning, noon and night! I dare
      say it&rsquo;s mercenary of me, but there it is!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Same here,&rdquo; agreed Tommy with feeling.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve thought over every imaginable way of getting it too,&rdquo; continued
      Tuppence. &ldquo;There are only three! To be left it, to marry it, or to make
      it. First is ruled out. I haven&rsquo;t got any rich elderly relatives. Any
      relatives I have are in homes for decayed gentlewomen! I always help old
      ladies over crossings, and pick up parcels for old gentlemen, in case they
      should turn out to be eccentric millionaires. But not one of them has ever
      asked me my name&mdash;and quite a lot never said &lsquo;Thank you.&rsquo;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      There was a pause.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Of course,&rdquo; resumed Tuppence, &ldquo;marriage is my best chance. I made up my
      mind to marry money when I was quite young. Any thinking girl would! I&rsquo;m
      not sentimental, you know.&rdquo; She paused. &ldquo;Come now, you can&rsquo;t say I&rsquo;m
      sentimental,&rdquo; she added sharply.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Certainly not,&rdquo; agreed Tommy hastily. &ldquo;No one would ever think of
      sentiment in connection with you.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s not very polite,&rdquo; replied Tuppence. &ldquo;But I dare say you mean it
      all right. Well, there it is! I&rsquo;m ready and willing&mdash;but I never meet
      any rich men! All the boys I know are about as hard up as I am.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What about the general?&rdquo; inquired Tommy.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I fancy he keeps a bicycle shop in time of peace,&rdquo; explained Tuppence.
      &ldquo;No, there it is! Now <i>you</i> could marry a rich girl.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;m like you. I don&rsquo;t know any.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That doesn&rsquo;t matter. You can always get to know one. Now, if I see a man
      in a fur coat come out of the <i>Ritz</i> I can&rsquo;t rush up to him and say: &lsquo;Look
      here, you&rsquo;re rich. I&rsquo;d like to know you.&rsquo;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Do you suggest that I should do that to a similarly garbed female?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t be silly. You tread on her foot, or pick up her handkerchief, or
      something like that. If she thinks you want to know her she&rsquo;s flattered,
      and will manage it for you somehow.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You overrate my manly charms,&rdquo; murmured Tommy.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;On the other hand,&rdquo; proceeded Tuppence, &ldquo;my millionaire would probably
      run for his life! No&mdash;marriage is fraught with difficulties. Remains&mdash;to
      <i>make</i> money!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve tried that, and failed,&rdquo; Tommy reminded her.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve tried all the orthodox ways, yes. But suppose we try the
      unorthodox. Tommy, let&rsquo;s be adventurers!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Certainly,&rdquo; replied Tommy cheerfully. &ldquo;How do we begin?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s the difficulty. If we could make ourselves known, people might
      hire us to commit crimes for them.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Delightful,&rdquo; commented Tommy. &ldquo;Especially coming from a clergyman&rsquo;s
      daughter!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The moral guilt,&rdquo; Tuppence pointed out, &ldquo;would be theirs&mdash;not mine.
      You must admit that there&rsquo;s a difference between stealing a diamond
      necklace for yourself and being hired to steal it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;There wouldn&rsquo;t be the least difference if you were caught!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Perhaps not. But I shouldn&rsquo;t be caught. I&rsquo;m so clever.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Modesty always was your besetting sin,&rdquo; remarked Tommy.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t rag. Look here, Tommy, shall we really? Shall we form a business
      partnership?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Form a company for the stealing of diamond necklaces?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That was only an illustration. Let&rsquo;s have a&mdash;what do you call it in
      book-keeping?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t know. Never did any.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I have&mdash;but I always got mixed up, and used to put credit entries on
      the debit side, and vice versa&mdash;so they fired me out. Oh, I know&mdash;a
      joint venture! It struck me as such a romantic phrase to come across in
      the middle of musty old figures. It&rsquo;s got an Elizabethan flavour about it&mdash;makes
      one think of galleons and doubloons. A joint venture!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Trading under the name of the Young Adventurers, Ltd.? Is that your idea,
      Tuppence?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It&rsquo;s all very well to laugh, but I feel there might be something in it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;How do you propose to get in touch with your would-be employers?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Advertisement,&rdquo; replied Tuppence promptly. &ldquo;Have you got a bit of paper
      and a pencil? Men usually seem to have. Just like we have hairpins and
      powder-puffs.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy handed over a rather shabby green notebook, and Tuppence began
      writing busily.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Shall we begin: &lsquo;Young officer, twice wounded in the war&mdash;&mdash;&lsquo;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Certainly not.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, very well, my dear boy. But I can assure you that that sort of thing
      might touch the heart of an elderly spinster, and she might adopt you, and
      then there would be no need for you to be a young adventurer at all.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t want to be adopted.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I forgot you had a prejudice against it. I was only ragging you! The
      papers are full up to the brim with that type of thing. Now listen&mdash;how&rsquo;s
      this? &lsquo;Two young adventurers for hire. Willing to do anything, go
      anywhere. Pay must be good.&rsquo; (We might as well make that clear from the
      start.) Then we might add: &lsquo;No reasonable offer refused&rsquo;&mdash;like flats
      and furniture.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I should think any offer we get in answer to that would be a pretty
      <i>un</i>reasonable one!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tommy! You&rsquo;re a genius! That&rsquo;s ever so much more chic. &lsquo;No unreasonable
      offer refused&mdash;if pay is good.&rsquo; How&rsquo;s that?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I shouldn&rsquo;t mention pay again. It looks rather eager.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It couldn&rsquo;t look as eager as I feel! But perhaps you are right. Now I&rsquo;ll
      read it straight through. &lsquo;Two young adventurers for hire. Willing to do
      anything, go anywhere. Pay must be good. No unreasonable offer refused.&rsquo;
      How would that strike you if you read it?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It would strike me as either being a hoax, or else written by a lunatic.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It&rsquo;s not half so insane as a thing I read this morning beginning
      &lsquo;Petunia&rsquo; and signed &lsquo;Best Boy.&rsquo;&rdquo; She tore out the leaf and handed it to
      Tommy. &ldquo;There you are. <i>Times</i>, I think. Reply to Box so-and-so. I expect it
      will be about five shillings. Here&rsquo;s half a crown for my share.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy was holding the paper thoughtfully. His faced burned a deeper red.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Shall we really try it?&rdquo; he said at last. &ldquo;Shall we, Tuppence? Just for
      the fun of the thing?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tommy, you&rsquo;re a sport! I knew you would be! Let&rsquo;s drink to success.&rdquo; She
      poured some cold dregs of tea into the two cups.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Here&rsquo;s to our joint venture, and may it prosper!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The Young Adventurers, Ltd.!&rdquo; responded Tommy.
    </p>
    <p>
      They put down the cups and laughed rather uncertainly. Tuppence rose.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I must return to my palatial suite at the hostel.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Perhaps it is time I strolled round to the <i>Ritz</i>,&rdquo; agreed Tommy with a
      grin. &ldquo;Where shall we meet? And when?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Twelve o&rsquo;clock to-morrow. Piccadilly Tube station. Will that suit you?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;My time is my own,&rdquo; replied Mr. Beresford magnificently.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;So long, then.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Good-bye, old thing.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The two young people went off in opposite directions. Tuppence&rsquo;s hostel
      was situated in what was charitably called Southern Belgravia. For reasons
      of economy she did not take a bus.
    </p>
    <p>
      She was half-way across St. James&rsquo;s Park, when a man&rsquo;s voice behind her
      made her start.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Excuse me,&rdquo; it said. &ldquo;But may I speak to you for a moment?&rdquo;
     </p>


</section></body></html>
