<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: http://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 12</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-12" epub:type="chapter">
    <h2 epub:type="title"><span epub:type="z3998:roman">XII</span><span epub:type="subtitle">A Friend in Need</span></h2>
    <p>
      Friday and Saturday passed uneventfully. Tuppence had received a brief
      answer to her appeal from Mr. Carter. In it he pointed out that the Young
      Adventurers had undertaken the work at their own risk, and had been fully
      warned of the dangers. If anything had happened to Tommy he regretted it
      deeply, but he could do nothing.
    </p>
    <p>
      This was cold comfort. Somehow, without Tommy, all the savour went out of
      the adventure, and, for the first time, Tuppence felt doubtful of success.
      While they had been together she had never questioned it for a minute.
      Although she was accustomed to take the lead, and to pride herself on her
      quick-wittedness, in reality she had relied upon Tommy more than she
      realized at the time. There was something so eminently sober and
      clear-headed about him, his common sense and soundness of vision were so
      unvarying, that without him Tuppence felt much like a rudderless ship. It
      was curious that Julius, who was undoubtedly much cleverer than Tommy, did
      not give her the same feeling of support. She had accused Tommy of being a
      pessimist, and it is certain that he always saw the disadvantages and
      difficulties which she herself was optimistically given to overlooking,
      but nevertheless she had really relied a good deal on his judgment. He
      might be slow, but he was very sure.
    </p>
    <p>
      It seemed to the girl that, for the first time, she realized the sinister
      character of the mission they had undertaken so lightheartedly. It had
      begun like a page of romance. Now, shorn of its glamour, it seemed to be
      turning to grim reality. Tommy&mdash;that was all that mattered. Many
      times in the day Tuppence blinked the tears out of her eyes resolutely.
      &ldquo;Little fool,&rdquo; she would apostrophize herself, &ldquo;don&rsquo;t snivel. Of course
      you&rsquo;re fond of him. You&rsquo;ve known him all your life. But there&rsquo;s no need to
      be sentimental about it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      In the meantime, nothing more was seen of Boris. He did not come to the
      flat, and Julius and the car waited in vain. Tuppence gave herself over to
      new meditations. Whilst admitting the truth of Julius&rsquo;s objections, she
      had nevertheless not entirely relinquished the idea of appealing to Sir
      James Peel Edgerton. Indeed, she had gone so far as to look up his address
      in the <i>Red Book</i>. Had he meant to warn her that day? If so, why? Surely she
      was at least entitled to demand an explanation. He had looked at her so
      kindly. Perhaps he might tell them something concerning Mrs. Vandemeyer
      which might lead to a clue to Tommy&rsquo;s whereabouts.
    </p>
    <p>
      Anyway, Tuppence decided, with her usual shake of the shoulders, it was
      worth trying, and try it she would. Sunday was her afternoon out. She
      would meet Julius, persuade him to her point of view, and they would beard
      the lion in his den.
    </p>
    <p>
      When the day arrived Julius needed a considerable amount of persuading,
      but Tuppence held firm. &ldquo;It can do no harm,&rdquo; was what she always came back
      to. In the end Julius gave in, and they proceeded in the car to Carlton
      House Terrace.
    </p>
    <p>
      The door was opened by an irreproachable butler. Tuppence felt a little
      nervous. After all, perhaps it <i>was</i> colossal cheek on her part. She had
      decided not to ask if Sir James was &ldquo;at home,&rdquo; but to adopt a more
      personal attitude.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Will you ask Sir James if I can see him for a few minutes? I have an
      important message for him.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The butler retired, returning a moment or two later.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Sir James will see you. Will you step this way?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      He ushered them into a room at the back of the house, furnished as a
      library. The collection of books was a magnificent one, and Tuppence
      noticed that all one wall was devoted to works on crime and criminology.
      There were several deep-padded leather arm-chairs, and an old-fashioned
      open hearth. In the window was a big roll-top desk strewn with papers at
      which the master of the house was sitting.
    </p>
    <p>
      He rose as they entered.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You have a message for me? Ah&rdquo;&mdash;he recognized Tuppence with a smile&mdash;&ldquo;it&rsquo;s
      you, is it? Brought a message from Mrs. Vandemeyer, I suppose?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Not exactly,&rdquo; said Tuppence. &ldquo;In fact, I&rsquo;m afraid I only said that to be
      quite sure of getting in. Oh, by the way, this is Mr. Hersheimmer, Sir
      James Peel Edgerton.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Pleased to meet you,&rdquo; said the American, shooting out a hand.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Won&rsquo;t you both sit down?&rdquo; asked Sir James. He drew forward two chairs.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Sir James,&rdquo; said Tuppence, plunging boldly, &ldquo;I dare say you will think it
      is most awful cheek of me coming here like this. Because, of course, it&rsquo;s
      nothing whatever to do with you, and then you&rsquo;re a very important person,
      and of course Tommy and I are very unimportant.&rdquo; She paused for breath.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tommy?&rdquo; queried Sir James, looking across at the American.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No, that&rsquo;s Julius,&rdquo; explained Tuppence. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m rather nervous, and that
      makes me tell it badly. What I really want to know is what you meant by
      what you said to me the other day? Did you mean to warn me against Mrs.
      Vandemeyer? You did, didn&rsquo;t you?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;My dear young lady, as far as I recollect I only mentioned that there
      were equally good situations to be obtained elsewhere.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, I know. But it was a hint, wasn&rsquo;t it?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well, perhaps it was,&rdquo; admitted Sir James gravely.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well, I want to know more. I want to know just <i>why</i> you gave me a hint.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Sir James smiled at her earnestness.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Suppose the lady brings a libel action against me for defamation of
      character?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Of course,&rdquo; said Tuppence. &ldquo;I know lawyers are always dreadfully careful.
      But can&rsquo;t we say &lsquo;without prejudice&rsquo; first, and then say just what we want
      to.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well,&rdquo; said Sir James, still smiling, &ldquo;without prejudice, then, if I had
      a young sister forced to earn her living, I should not like to see her in
      Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s service. I felt it incumbent on me just to give you a
      hint. It is no place for a young and inexperienced girl. That is all I can
      tell you.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I see,&rdquo; said Tuppence thoughtfully. &ldquo;Thank you very much. But I&rsquo;m not
      <i>really</i> inexperienced, you know. I knew perfectly that she was a bad lot
      when I went there&mdash;as a matter of fact that&rsquo;s <i>why</i> I went&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
       She broke off, seeing some bewilderment on the lawyer&rsquo;s face, and went on:
      &ldquo;I think perhaps I&rsquo;d better tell you the whole story, Sir James. I&rsquo;ve a
      sort of feeling that you&rsquo;d know in a minute if I didn&rsquo;t tell the truth,
      and so you might as well know all about it from the beginning. What do you
      think, Julius?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;As you&rsquo;re bent on it, I&rsquo;d go right ahead with the facts,&rdquo; replied the
      American, who had so far sat in silence.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, tell me all about it,&rdquo; said Sir James. &ldquo;I want to know who Tommy
      is.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Thus encouraged Tuppence plunged into her tale, and the lawyer listened
      with close attention.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Very interesting,&rdquo; he said, when she finished. &ldquo;A great deal of what you
      tell me, child, is already known to me. I&rsquo;ve had certain theories of my
      own about this Jane Finn. You&rsquo;ve done extraordinarily well so far, but
      it&rsquo;s rather too bad of&mdash;what do you know him as?&mdash;Mr. Carter to
      pitchfork you two young things into an affair of this kind. By the way,
      where did Mr. Hersheimmer come in originally? You didn&rsquo;t make that clear?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Julius answered for himself.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;m Jane&rsquo;s first cousin,&rdquo; he explained, returning the lawyer&rsquo;s keen gaze.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Ah!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, Sir James,&rdquo; broke out Tuppence, &ldquo;what do you think has become of
      Tommy?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;H&rsquo;m.&rdquo; The lawyer rose, and paced slowly up and down. &ldquo;When you arrived,
      young lady, I was just packing up my traps. Going to Scotland by the night
      train for a few days&rsquo; fishing. But there are different kinds of fishing.
      I&rsquo;ve a good mind to stay, and see if we can&rsquo;t get on the track of that
      young chap.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh!&rdquo; Tuppence clasped her hands ecstatically.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;All the same, as I said before, it&rsquo;s too bad of&mdash;of Carter to set
      you two babies on a job like this. Now, don&rsquo;t get offended, Miss&mdash;er&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Cowley. Prudence Cowley. But my friends call me Tuppence.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well, Miss Tuppence, then, as I&rsquo;m certainly going to be a friend. Don&rsquo;t
      be offended because I think you&rsquo;re young. Youth is a failing only too
      easily outgrown. Now, about this young Tommy of yours&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes.&rdquo; Tuppence clasped her hands.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Frankly, things look bad for him. He&rsquo;s been butting in somewhere where he
      wasn&rsquo;t wanted. Not a doubt of it. But don&rsquo;t give up hope.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And you really will help us? There, Julius! He didn&rsquo;t want me to come,&rdquo;
       she added by way of explanation.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;H&rsquo;m,&rdquo; said the lawyer, favouring Julius with another keen glance. &ldquo;And
      why was that?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I reckoned it would be no good worrying you with a petty little business
      like this.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I see.&rdquo; He paused a moment. &ldquo;This petty little business, as you call it,
      bears directly on a very big business, bigger perhaps than either you or
      Miss Tuppence know. If this boy is alive, he may have very valuable
      information to give us. Therefore, we must find him.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, but how?&rdquo; cried Tuppence. &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve tried to think of everything.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Sir James smiled.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And yet there&rsquo;s one person quite near at hand who in all probability
      knows where he is, or at all events where he is likely to be.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Who is that?&rdquo; asked Tuppence, puzzled.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Mrs. Vandemeyer.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, but she&rsquo;d never tell us.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Ah, that is where I come in. I think it quite likely that I shall be able
      to make Mrs. Vandemeyer tell me what I want to know.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;How?&rdquo; demanded Tuppence, opening her eyes very wide.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, just by asking her questions,&rdquo; replied Sir James easily. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s the
      way we do it, you know.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      He tapped with his finger on the table, and Tuppence felt again the
      intense power that radiated from the man.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And if she won&rsquo;t tell?&rdquo; asked Julius suddenly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I think she will. I have one or two powerful levers. Still, in that
      unlikely event, there is always the possibility of bribery.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Sure. And that&rsquo;s where I come in!&rdquo; cried Julius, bringing his fist down
      on the table with a bang. &ldquo;You can count on me, if necessary, for one
      million dollars. Yes, sir, one million dollars!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Sir James sat down and subjected Julius to a long scrutiny.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Mr. Hersheimmer,&rdquo; he said at last, &ldquo;that is a very large sum.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I guess it&rsquo;ll have to be. These aren&rsquo;t the kind of folk to offer sixpence
      to.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;At the present rate of exchange it amounts to considerably over two
      hundred and fifty thousand pounds.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s so. Maybe you think I&rsquo;m talking through my hat, but I can deliver
      the goods all right, with enough over to spare for your fee.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Sir James flushed slightly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;There is no question of a fee, Mr. Hersheimmer. I am not a private
      detective.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Sorry. I guess I was just a mite hasty, but I&rsquo;ve been feeling bad about
      this money question. I wanted to offer a big reward for news of Jane some
      days ago, but your crusted institution of Scotland Yard advised me against
      it. Said it was undesirable.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;They were probably right,&rdquo; said Sir James dryly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;But it&rsquo;s all O.K. about Julius,&rdquo; put in Tuppence. &ldquo;He&rsquo;s not pulling your
      leg. He&rsquo;s got simply pots of money.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The old man piled it up in style,&rdquo; explained Julius. &ldquo;Now, let&rsquo;s get down
      to it. What&rsquo;s your idea?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Sir James considered for a moment or two.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;There is no time to be lost. The sooner we strike the better.&rdquo; He turned
      to Tuppence. &ldquo;Is Mrs. Vandemeyer dining out to-night, do you know?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, I think so, but she will not be out late. Otherwise, she would have
      taken the latchkey.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Good. I will call upon her about ten o&rsquo;clock. What time are you supposed
      to return?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;About nine-thirty or ten, but I could go back earlier.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You must not do that on any account. It might arouse suspicion if you did
      not stay out till the usual time. Be back by nine-thirty. I will arrive at
      ten. Mr. Hersheimmer will wait below in a taxi perhaps.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;He&rsquo;s got a new Rolls-Royce car,&rdquo; said Tuppence with vicarious pride.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Even better. If I succeed in obtaining the address from her, we can go
      there at once, taking Mrs. Vandemeyer with us if necessary. You
      understand?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes.&rdquo; Tuppence rose to her feet with a skip of delight. &ldquo;Oh, I feel so
      much better!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t build on it too much, Miss Tuppence. Go easy.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Julius turned to the lawyer.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Say, then. I&rsquo;ll call for you in the car round about nine-thirty. Is that
      right?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Perhaps that will be the best plan. It would be unnecessary to have two
      cars waiting about. Now, Miss Tuppence, my advice to you is to go and have
      a good dinner, a <i>really</i> good one, mind. And don&rsquo;t think ahead more than
      you can help.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      He shook hands with them both, and a moment later they were outside.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Isn&rsquo;t he a duck?&rdquo; inquired Tuppence ecstatically, as she skipped down the
      steps. &ldquo;Oh, Julius, isn&rsquo;t he just a duck?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well, I allow he seems to be the goods all right. And I was wrong about
      its being useless to go to him. Say, shall we go right away back to the
      <i>Ritz?</i>&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I must walk a bit, I think. I feel so excited. Drop me in the park, will
      you? Unless you&rsquo;d like to come too?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I want to get some petrol,&rdquo; he explained. &ldquo;And send off a cable or two.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;All right. I&rsquo;ll meet you at the <i>Ritz</i> at seven. We&rsquo;ll have to dine
      upstairs. I can&rsquo;t show myself in these glad rags.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Sure. I&rsquo;ll get Felix help me choose the menu. He&rsquo;s some head waiter,
      that. So long.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence walked briskly along towards the Serpentine, first glancing at
      her watch. It was nearly six o&rsquo;clock. She remembered that she had had no
      tea, but felt too excited to be conscious of hunger. She walked as far as
      Kensington Gardens and then slowly retraced her steps, feeling infinitely
      better for the fresh air and exercise. It was not so easy to follow Sir
      James&rsquo;s advice, and put the possible events of the evening out of her
      head. As she drew nearer and nearer to Hyde Park corner, the temptation to
      return to South Audley Mansions was almost irresistible.
    </p>
    <p>
      At any rate, she decided, it would do no harm just to go and <i>look</i> at the
      building. Perhaps, then, she could resign herself to waiting patiently for
      ten o&rsquo;clock.
    </p>
    <p>
      South Audley Mansions looked exactly the same as usual. What Tuppence had
      expected she hardly knew, but the sight of its red brick stolidity
      slightly assuaged the growing and entirely unreasonable uneasiness that
      possessed her. She was just turning away when she heard a piercing
      whistle, and the faithful Albert came running from the building to join
      her.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence frowned. It was no part of the programme to have attention called
      to her presence in the neighbourhood, but Albert was purple with
      suppressed excitement.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I say, miss, she&rsquo;s a-going!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Who&rsquo;s going?&rdquo; demanded Tuppence sharply.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The crook. Ready Rita. Mrs. Vandemeyer. She&rsquo;s a-packing up, and she&rsquo;s
      just sent down word for me to get her a taxi.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What?&rdquo; Tuppence clutched his arm.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It&rsquo;s the truth, miss. I thought maybe as you didn&rsquo;t know about it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Albert,&rdquo; cried Tuppence, &ldquo;you&rsquo;re a brick. If it hadn&rsquo;t been for you we&rsquo;d
      have lost her.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Albert flushed with pleasure at this tribute.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;There&rsquo;s no time to lose,&rdquo; said Tuppence, crossing the road. &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve got to
      stop her. At all costs I must keep her here until&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo; She broke
      off. &ldquo;Albert, there&rsquo;s a telephone here, isn&rsquo;t there?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The boy shook his head.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The flats mostly have their own, miss. But there&rsquo;s a box just round the
      corner.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Go to it then, at once, and ring up the <i>Ritz Hotel</i>. Ask for Mr.
      Hersheimmer, and when you get him tell him to get Sir James and come on at
      once, as Mrs. Vandemeyer is trying to hook it. If you can&rsquo;t get him, ring
      up Sir James Peel Edgerton, you&rsquo;ll find his number in the book, and tell
      him what&rsquo;s happening. You won&rsquo;t forget the names, will you?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Albert repeated them glibly. &ldquo;You trust to me, miss, it&rsquo;ll be all right.
      But what about you? Aren&rsquo;t you afraid to trust yourself with her?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No, no, that&rsquo;s all right. <i>But go and telephone</i>. Be quick.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Drawing a long breath, Tuppence entered the Mansions and ran up to the
      door of No. 20. How she was to detain Mrs. Vandemeyer until the two men
      arrived, she did not know, but somehow or other it had to be done, and she
      must accomplish the task single-handed. What had occasioned this
      precipitate departure? Did Mrs. Vandemeyer suspect her?
    </p>
    <p>
      Speculations were idle. Tuppence pressed the bell firmly. She might learn
      something from the cook.
    </p>
    <p>
      Nothing happened and, after waiting some minutes, Tuppence pressed the
      bell again, keeping her finger on the button for some little while. At
      last she heard footsteps inside, and a moment later Mrs. Vandemeyer
      herself opened the door. She lifted her eyebrows at the sight of the girl.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I had a touch of toothache, ma&rsquo;am,&rdquo; said Tuppence glibly. &ldquo;So thought it
      better to come home and have a quiet evening.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer said nothing, but she drew back and let Tuppence pass into
      the hall.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;How unfortunate for you,&rdquo; she said coldly. &ldquo;You had better go to bed.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, I shall be all right in the kitchen, ma&rsquo;am. Cook will&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Cook is out,&rdquo; said Mrs. Vandemeyer, in a rather disagreeable tone. &ldquo;I
      sent her out. So you see you had better go to bed.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Suddenly Tuppence felt afraid. There was a ring in Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s voice
      that she did not like at all. Also, the other woman was slowly edging her
      up the passage. Tuppence turned at bay.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t want&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Then, in a flash, a rim of cold steel touched her temple, and Mrs.
      Vandemeyer&rsquo;s voice rose cold and menacing:
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You damned little fool! Do you think I don&rsquo;t know? No, don&rsquo;t answer. If
      you struggle or cry out, I&rsquo;ll shoot you like a dog.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The rim of steel pressed a little harder against the girl&rsquo;s temple.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Now then, march,&rdquo; went on Mrs. Vandemeyer. &ldquo;This way&mdash;into my room.
      In a minute, when I&rsquo;ve done with you, you&rsquo;ll go to bed as I told you to.
      And you&rsquo;ll sleep&mdash;oh yes, my little spy, you&rsquo;ll sleep all right!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      There was a sort of hideous geniality in the last words which Tuppence did
      not at all like. For the moment there was nothing to be done, and she
      walked obediently into Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s bedroom. The pistol never left
      her forehead. The room was in a state of wild disorder, clothes were flung
      about right and left, a suit-case and a hat box, half-packed, stood in the
      middle of the floor.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence pulled herself together with an effort. Her voice shook a little,
      but she spoke out bravely.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Come now,&rdquo; she said. &ldquo;This is nonsense. You can&rsquo;t shoot me. Why, every
      one in the building would hear the report.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;d risk that,&rdquo; said Mrs. Vandemeyer cheerfully. &ldquo;But, as long as you
      don&rsquo;t sing out for help, you&rsquo;re all right&mdash;and I don&rsquo;t think you
      will. You&rsquo;re a clever girl. You deceived <i>me</i> all right. I hadn&rsquo;t a
      suspicion of you! So I&rsquo;ve no doubt that you understand perfectly well that
      this is where I&rsquo;m on top and you&rsquo;re underneath. Now then&mdash;sit on the
      bed. Put your hands above your head, and if you value your life don&rsquo;t move
      them.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence obeyed passively. Her good sense told her that there was nothing
      else to do but accept the situation. If she shrieked for help there was
      very little chance of anyone hearing her, whereas there was probably quite
      a good chance of Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s shooting her. In the meantime, every
      minute of delay gained was valuable.
    </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer laid down the revolver on the edge of the washstand within
      reach of her hand, and, still eyeing Tuppence like a lynx in case the girl
      should attempt to move, she took a little stoppered bottle from its place
      on the marble and poured some of its contents into a glass which she
      filled up with water.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What&rsquo;s that?&rdquo; asked Tuppence sharply.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Something to make you sleep soundly.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence paled a little.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Are you going to poison me?&rdquo; she asked in a whisper.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Perhaps,&rdquo; said Mrs. Vandemeyer, smiling agreeably.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Then I shan&rsquo;t drink it,&rdquo; said Tuppence firmly. &ldquo;I&rsquo;d much rather be shot.
      At any rate that would make a row, and some one might hear it. But I won&rsquo;t
      be killed off quietly like a lamb.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer stamped her foot.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t be a little fool! Do you really think I want a hue and cry for
      murder out after me? If you&rsquo;ve any sense at all, you&rsquo;ll realize that
      poisoning you wouldn&rsquo;t suit my book at all. It&rsquo;s a sleeping draught,
      that&rsquo;s all. You&rsquo;ll wake up to-morrow morning none the worse. I simply
      don&rsquo;t want the bother of tying you up and gagging you. That&rsquo;s the
      alternative&mdash;and you won&rsquo;t like it, I can tell you! I can be very
      rough if I choose. So drink this down like a good girl, and you&rsquo;ll be none
      the worse for it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      In her heart of hearts Tuppence believed her. The arguments she had
      adduced rang true. It was a simple and effective method of getting her out
      of the way for the time being. Nevertheless, the girl did not take kindly
      to the idea of being tamely put to sleep without as much as one bid for
      freedom. She felt that once Mrs. Vandemeyer gave them the slip, the last
      hope of finding Tommy would be gone.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence was quick in her mental processes. All these reflections passed
      through her mind in a flash, and she saw where a chance, a very
      problematical chance, lay, and she determined to risk all in one supreme
      effort.
    </p>
    <p>
      Accordingly, she lurched suddenly off the bed and fell on her knees before
      Mrs. Vandemeyer, clutching her skirts frantically.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t believe it,&rdquo; she moaned. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s poison&mdash;I know it&rsquo;s poison.
      Oh, don&rsquo;t make me drink it&rdquo;&mdash;her voice rose to a shriek&mdash;&ldquo;don&rsquo;t
      make me drink it!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer, glass in hand, looked down with a curling lip at this
      sudden collapse.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Get up, you little idiot! Don&rsquo;t go on drivelling there. How you ever had
      the nerve to play your part as you did I can&rsquo;t think.&rdquo; She stamped her
      foot. &ldquo;Get up, I say.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      But Tuppence continued to cling and sob, interjecting her sobs with
      incoherent appeals for mercy. Every minute gained was to the good.
      Moreover, as she grovelled, she moved imperceptibly nearer to her
      objective.
    </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer gave a sharp impatient exclamation, and jerked the girl to
      her knees.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Drink it at once!&rdquo; Imperiously she pressed the glass to the girl&rsquo;s lips.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence gave one last despairing moan.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You swear it won&rsquo;t hurt me?&rdquo; she temporized.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Of course it won&rsquo;t hurt you. Don&rsquo;t be a fool.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Will you swear it?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, yes,&rdquo; said the other impatiently. &ldquo;I swear it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence raised a trembling left hand to the glass.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Very well.&rdquo; Her mouth opened meekly.
    </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer gave a sigh of relief, off her guard for the moment. Then,
      quick as a flash, Tuppence jerked the glass upward as hard as she could.
      The fluid in it splashed into Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s face, and during her
      momentary gasp, Tuppence&rsquo;s right hand shot out and grasped the revolver
      where it lay on the edge of the washstand. The next moment she had sprung
      back a pace, and the revolver pointed straight at Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s heart,
      with no unsteadiness in the hand that held it.
    </p>
    <p>
      In the moment of victory, Tuppence betrayed a somewhat unsportsmanlike
      triumph.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Now who&rsquo;s on top and who&rsquo;s underneath?&rdquo; she crowed.
    </p>
    <p>
      The other&rsquo;s face was convulsed with rage. For a minute Tuppence thought
      she was going to spring upon her, which would have placed the girl in an
      unpleasant dilemma, since she meant to draw the line at actually letting
      off the revolver. However, with an effort Mrs. Vandemeyer controlled
      herself, and at last a slow evil smile crept over her face.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Not a fool, then, after all! You did that well, girl. But you shall pay
      for it&mdash;oh, yes, you shall pay for it! I have a long memory!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;m surprised you should have been gulled so easily,&rdquo; said Tuppence
      scornfully. &ldquo;Did you really think I was the kind of girl to roll about on
      the floor and whine for mercy?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You may do&mdash;some day!&rdquo; said the other significantly.
    </p>
    <p>
      The cold malignity of her manner sent an unpleasant chill down Tuppence&rsquo;s
      spine, but she was not going to give in to it.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Supposing we sit down,&rdquo; she said pleasantly. &ldquo;Our present attitude is a
      little melodramatic. No&mdash;not on the bed. Draw a chair up to the
      table, that&rsquo;s right. Now I&rsquo;ll sit opposite you with the revolver in front
      of me&mdash;just in case of accidents. Splendid. Now, let&rsquo;s talk.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What about?&rdquo; said Mrs. Vandemeyer sullenly.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence eyed her thoughtfully for a minute. She was remembering several
      things. Boris&rsquo;s words, &ldquo;I believe you would sell&mdash; <i>us!</i>&rdquo; and her
      answer, &ldquo;The price would have to be enormous,&rdquo; given lightly, it was true,
      yet might not there be a substratum of truth in it? Long ago, had not
      Whittington asked: &ldquo;Who&rsquo;s been blabbing? Rita?&rdquo; Would Rita Vandemeyer
      prove to be the weak spot in the armour of Mr. Brown?
    </p>
    <p>
      Keeping her eyes fixed steadily on the other&rsquo;s face, Tuppence replied
      quietly:
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Money&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer started. Clearly, the reply was unexpected.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What do you mean?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;ll tell you. You said just now that you had a long memory. A long
      memory isn&rsquo;t half as useful as a long purse! I dare say it relieves your
      feelings a good deal to plan out all sorts of dreadful things to do to me,
      but is that <i>practical?</i> Revenge is very unsatisfactory. Every one always
      says so. But money&rdquo;&mdash;Tuppence warmed to her pet creed&mdash;&ldquo;well,
      there&rsquo;s nothing unsatisfactory about money, is there?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Do you think,&rdquo; said Mrs. Vandemeyer scornfully, &ldquo;that I am the kind of
      woman to sell my friends?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; said Tuppence promptly. &ldquo;If the price was big enough.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;A paltry hundred pounds or so!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No,&rdquo; said Tuppence. &ldquo;I should suggest&mdash;a hundred thousand!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Her economical spirit did not permit her to mention the whole million
      dollars suggested by Julius.
    </p>
    <p>
      A flush crept over Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s face.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What did you say?&rdquo; she asked, her fingers playing nervously with a brooch
      on her breast. In that moment Tuppence knew that the fish was hooked, and
      for the first time she felt a horror of her own money-loving spirit. It
      gave her a dreadful sense of kinship to the woman fronting her.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;A hundred thousand pounds,&rdquo; repeated Tuppence.
    </p>
    <p>
      The light died out of Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s eyes. She leaned back in her
      chair.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Bah!&rdquo; she said. &ldquo;You haven&rsquo;t got it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No,&rdquo; admitted Tuppence, &ldquo;I haven&rsquo;t&mdash;but I know some one who has.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Who?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;A friend of mine.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Must be a millionaire,&rdquo; remarked Mrs. Vandemeyer unbelievingly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;As a matter of fact he is. He&rsquo;s an American. He&rsquo;ll pay you that without a
      murmur. You can take it from me that it&rsquo;s a perfectly genuine
      proposition.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer sat up again.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;m inclined to believe you,&rdquo; she said slowly.
    </p>
    <p>
      There was silence between them for some time, then Mrs. Vandemeyer looked
      up.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What does he want to know, this friend of yours?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence went through a momentary struggle, but it was Julius&rsquo;s money, and
      his interests must come first.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;He wants to know where Jane Finn is,&rdquo; she said boldly.
    </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer showed no surprise.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;m not sure where she is at the present moment,&rdquo; she replied.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;But you could find out?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, yes,&rdquo; returned Mrs. Vandemeyer carelessly. &ldquo;There would be no
      difficulty about that.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Then&rdquo;&mdash;Tuppence&rsquo;s voice shook a little&mdash;&ldquo;there&rsquo;s a boy, a
      friend of mine. I&rsquo;m afraid something&rsquo;s happened to him, through your pal
      Boris.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What&rsquo;s his name?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tommy Beresford.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Never heard of him. But I&rsquo;ll ask Boris. He&rsquo;ll tell me anything he knows.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Thank you.&rdquo; Tuppence felt a terrific rise in her spirits. It impelled her
      to more audacious efforts. &ldquo;There&rsquo;s one thing more.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence leaned forward and lowered her voice.
    </p>
    <p>
      <i>&ldquo;Who is Mr. Brown?&rdquo;</i>
    </p>
    <p>
      Her quick eyes saw the sudden paling of the beautiful face. With an effort
      Mrs. Vandemeyer pulled herself together and tried to resume her former
      manner. But the attempt was a mere parody.
    </p>
    <p>
      She shrugged her shoulders.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You can&rsquo;t have learnt much about us if you don&rsquo;t know that <i>nobody knows
      who Mr. Brown is</i>....&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You do,&rdquo; said Tuppence quietly.
    </p>
    <p>
      Again the colour deserted the other&rsquo;s face.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What makes you think that?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know,&rdquo; said the girl truthfully. &ldquo;But I&rsquo;m sure.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer stared in front of her for a long time.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; she said hoarsely, at last, &ldquo;<i>I</i> know. I was beautiful, you see&mdash;very
      beautiful&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You are still,&rdquo; said Tuppence with admiration.
    </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer shook her head. There was a strange gleam in her
      electric-blue eyes.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Not beautiful enough,&rdquo; she said in a soft dangerous voice. &ldquo;Not&mdash;beautiful&mdash;enough!
      And sometimes, lately, I&rsquo;ve been afraid.... It&rsquo;s dangerous to know too
      much!&rdquo; She leaned forward across the table. &ldquo;Swear that my name shan&rsquo;t be
      brought into it&mdash;that no one shall ever know.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I swear it. And, once&rsquo;s he caught, you&rsquo;ll be out of danger.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      A terrified look swept across Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s face.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Shall I? Shall I ever be?&rdquo; She clutched Tuppence&rsquo;s arm. &ldquo;You&rsquo;re sure
      about the money?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Quite sure.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;When shall I have it? There must be no delay.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;This friend of mine will be here presently. He may have to send cables,
      or something like that. But there won&rsquo;t be any delay&mdash;he&rsquo;s a terrific
      hustler.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      A resolute look settled on Mrs. Vandemeyer&rsquo;s face.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;ll do it. It&rsquo;s a great sum of money, and besides&rdquo;&mdash;she gave a
      curious smile&mdash;&ldquo;it is not&mdash;wise to throw over a woman like me!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      For a moment or two, she remained smiling, and lightly tapping her fingers
      on the table. Suddenly she started, and her face blanched.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What was that?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I heard nothing.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer gazed round her fearfully.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;If there should be some one listening&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Nonsense. Who could there be?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Even the walls might have ears,&rdquo; whispered the other. &ldquo;I tell you I&rsquo;m
      frightened. You don&rsquo;t know him!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Think of the hundred thousand pounds,&rdquo; said Tuppence soothingly.
    </p>
    <p>
      Mrs. Vandemeyer passed her tongue over her dried lips.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You don&rsquo;t know him,&rdquo; she reiterated hoarsely. &ldquo;He&rsquo;s&mdash;ah!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      With a shriek of terror she sprang to her feet. Her outstretched hand
      pointed over Tuppence&rsquo;s head. Then she swayed to the ground in a dead
      faint.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence looked round to see what had startled her.
    </p>
    <p>
      In the doorway were Sir James Peel Edgerton and Julius Hersheimmer.
    </p>


</section></body></html>
