<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: http://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 3</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-3" epub:type="chapter">
    <h2 epub:type="title"><span epub:type="z3998:roman">III</span><span epub:type="subtitle">A Set Back</span></h2>
    <p>
      The moment was not quite so triumphant as it ought to have been. To begin
      with, the resources of Tommy&rsquo;s pockets were somewhat limited. In the end
      the fare was managed, the lady recollecting a plebeian twopence, and the
      driver, still holding the varied assortment of coins in his hand, was
      prevailed upon to move on, which he did after one last hoarse demand as to
      what the gentleman thought he was giving him?
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I think you&rsquo;ve given him too much, Tommy,&rdquo; said Tuppence innocently. &ldquo;I
      fancy he wants to give some of it back.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      It was possibly this remark which induced the driver to move away.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well,&rdquo; said Mr. Beresford, at length able to relieve his feelings, &ldquo;what
      the&mdash;dickens, did you want to take a taxi for?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I was afraid I might be late and keep you waiting,&rdquo; said Tuppence gently.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Afraid&mdash;you&mdash;might&mdash;be&mdash;late! Oh, Lord, I give it
      up!&rdquo; said Mr. Beresford.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And really and truly,&rdquo; continued Tuppence, opening her eyes very wide, &ldquo;I
      haven&rsquo;t got anything smaller than a five-pound note.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You did that part of it very well, old bean, but all the same the fellow
      wasn&rsquo;t taken in&mdash;not for a moment!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No,&rdquo; said Tuppence thoughtfully, &ldquo;he didn&rsquo;t believe it. That&rsquo;s the
      curious part about speaking the truth. No one does believe it. I found
      that out this morning. Now let&rsquo;s go to lunch. How about the <i>Savoy?</i>&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy grinned.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;How about the <i>Ritz?</i>&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;On second thoughts, I prefer the <i>Piccadilly</i>. It&rsquo;s nearer. We shan&rsquo;t have
      to take another taxi. Come along.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Is this a new brand of humour? Or is your brain really unhinged?&rdquo;
       inquired Tommy.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Your last supposition is the correct one. I have come into money, and the
      shock has been too much for me! For that particular form of mental trouble
      an eminent physician recommends unlimited <i>Hors d&rsquo;&oelig;uvre</i>, Lobster <i>à
      l&rsquo;américane</i>, Chicken Newberg, and Pêche Melba! Let&rsquo;s go and get them!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tuppence, old girl, what has really come over you?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, unbelieving one!&rdquo; Tuppence wrenched open her bag. &ldquo;Look here, and
      here, and here!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Great Jehosaphat! My dear girl, don&rsquo;t wave Fishers aloft like that!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;They&rsquo;re not Fishers. They&rsquo;re five times better than Fishers, and this
      one&rsquo;s ten times better!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy groaned.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I must have been drinking unawares! Am I dreaming, Tuppence, or do I
      really behold a large quantity of five-pound notes being waved about in a
      dangerous fashion?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Even so, O King! <i>Now</i>, will you come and have lunch?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;ll come anywhere. But what have you been doing? Holding up a bank?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;All in good time. What an awful place Piccadilly Circus is. There&rsquo;s a
      huge bus bearing down on us. It would be too terrible if they killed the
      five-pound notes!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Grill room?&rdquo; inquired Tommy, as they reached the opposite pavement in
      safety.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The other&rsquo;s more expensive,&rdquo; demurred Tuppence.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s mere wicked wanton extravagance. Come on below.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Are you sure I can get all the things I want there?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That extremely unwholesome menu you were outlining just now? Of course
      you can&mdash;or as much as is good for you, anyway.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And now tell me,&rdquo; said Tommy, unable to restrain his pent-up curiosity
      any longer, as they sat in state surrounded by the many <i>hors d&rsquo;&oelig;uvre</i> of
      Tuppence&rsquo;s dreams.
    </p>
    <p>
      Miss Cowley told him.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And the curious part of it is,&rdquo; she ended, &ldquo;that I really did invent the
      name of Jane Finn! I didn&rsquo;t want to give my own because of poor father&mdash;in
      case I should get mixed up in anything shady.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Perhaps that&rsquo;s so,&rdquo; said Tommy slowly. &ldquo;But you didn&rsquo;t invent it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No. <i>I</i> told it to you. Don&rsquo;t you remember, I said yesterday I&rsquo;d overheard
      two people talking about a female called Jane Finn? That&rsquo;s what brought
      the name into your mind so pat.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;So you did. I remember now. How extraordinary&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo; Tuppence
      tailed off into silence. Suddenly she aroused herself. &ldquo;Tommy!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What were they like, the two men you passed?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy frowned in an effort at remembrance.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;One was a big fat sort of chap. Clean shaven, I think&mdash;and dark.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s him,&rdquo; cried Tuppence, in an ungrammatical squeal. &ldquo;That&rsquo;s
      Whittington! What was the other man like?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t remember. I didn&rsquo;t notice him particularly. It was really the
      outlandish name that caught my attention.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And people say that coincidences don&rsquo;t happen!&rdquo; Tuppence tackled her
      Pêche Melba happily.
    </p>
    <p>
      But Tommy had become serious.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Look here, Tuppence, old girl, what is this going to lead to?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;More money,&rdquo; replied his companion.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I know that. You&rsquo;ve only got one idea in your head. What I mean is, what
      about the next step? How are you going to keep the game up?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh!&rdquo; Tuppence laid down her spoon. &ldquo;You&rsquo;re right, Tommy, it is a bit of a
      poser.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;After all, you know, you can&rsquo;t bluff him forever. You&rsquo;re sure to slip up
      sooner or later. And, anyway, I&rsquo;m not at all sure that it isn&rsquo;t actionable&mdash;blackmail,
      you know.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Nonsense. Blackmail is saying you&rsquo;ll tell unless you are given money.
      Now, there&rsquo;s nothing I could tell, because I don&rsquo;t really know anything.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Hm,&rdquo; said Tommy doubtfully. &ldquo;Well, anyway, what <i>are</i> we going to do?
      Whittington was in a hurry to get rid of you this morning, but next time
      he&rsquo;ll want to know something more before he parts with his money. He&rsquo;ll
      want to know how much <i>you</i> know, and where you got your information from,
      and a lot of other things that you can&rsquo;t cope with. What are you going to
      do about it?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence frowned severely.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;We must think. Order some Turkish coffee, Tommy. Stimulating to the
      brain. Oh, dear, what a lot I have eaten!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You have made rather a hog of yourself! So have I for that matter, but I
      flatter myself that my choice of dishes was more judicious than yours. Two
      coffees.&rdquo; (This was to the waiter.) &ldquo;One Turkish, one French.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence sipped her coffee with a deeply reflective air, and snubbed Tommy
      when he spoke to her.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Be quiet. I&rsquo;m thinking.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Shades of Pelmanism!&rdquo; said Tommy, and relapsed into silence.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;There!&rdquo; said Tuppence at last. &ldquo;I&rsquo;ve got a plan. Obviously what we&rsquo;ve got
      to do is to find out more about it all.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy applauded.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t jeer. We can only find out through Whittington. We must discover
      where he lives, what he does&mdash;sleuth him, in fact! Now I can&rsquo;t do it,
      because he knows me, but he only saw you for a minute or two in Lyons&rsquo;.
      He&rsquo;s not likely to recognize you. After all, one young man is much like
      another.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I repudiate that remark utterly. I&rsquo;m sure my pleasing features and
      distinguished appearance would single me out from any crowd.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;My plan is this,&rdquo; Tuppence went on calmly, &ldquo;I&rsquo;ll go alone to-morrow. I&rsquo;ll
      put him off again like I did to-day. It doesn&rsquo;t matter if I don&rsquo;t get any
      more money at once. Fifty pounds ought to last us a few days.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Or even longer!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You&rsquo;ll hang about outside. When I come out I shan&rsquo;t speak to you in case
      he&rsquo;s watching. But I&rsquo;ll take up my stand somewhere near, and when he comes
      out of the building I&rsquo;ll drop a handkerchief or something, and off you
      go!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Off I go where?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Follow him, of course, silly! What do you think of the idea?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Sort of thing one reads about in books. I somehow feel that in real life
      one will feel a bit of an ass standing in the street for hours with
      nothing to do. People will wonder what I&rsquo;m up to.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Not in the city. Every one&rsquo;s in such a hurry. Probably no one will even
      notice you at all.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s the second time you&rsquo;ve made that sort of remark. Never mind, I
      forgive you. Anyway, it will be rather a lark. What are you doing this
      afternoon?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well,&rdquo; said Tuppence meditatively. &ldquo;I <i>had</i> thought of hats! Or perhaps
      silk stockings! Or perhaps&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Hold hard,&rdquo; admonished Tommy. &ldquo;There&rsquo;s a limit to fifty pounds! But let&rsquo;s
      do dinner and a show to-night at all events.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Rather.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The day passed pleasantly. The evening even more so. Two of the five-pound
      notes were now irretrievably dead.
    </p>
    <p>
      They met by arrangement the following morning and proceeded citywards.
      Tommy remained on the opposite side of the road while Tuppence plunged
      into the building.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy strolled slowly down to the end of the street, then back again. Just
      as he came abreast of the building, Tuppence darted across the road.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tommy!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes. What&rsquo;s up?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The place is shut. I can&rsquo;t make anyone hear.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s odd.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Isn&rsquo;t it? Come up with me, and let&rsquo;s try again.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy followed her. As they passed the third floor landing a young clerk
      came out of an office. He hesitated a moment, then addressed himself to
      Tuppence.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Were you wanting the Esthonia Glassware?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, please.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It&rsquo;s closed down. Since yesterday afternoon. Company being wound up, they
      say. Not that I&rsquo;ve ever heard of it myself. But anyway the office is to
      let.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Th&mdash;thank you,&rdquo; faltered Tuppence. &ldquo;I suppose you don&rsquo;t know Mr.
      Whittington&rsquo;s address?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Afraid I don&rsquo;t. They left rather suddenly.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Thank you very much,&rdquo; said Tommy. &ldquo;Come on, Tuppence.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      They descended to the street again where they gazed at one another
      blankly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s torn it,&rdquo; said Tommy at length.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And I never suspected it,&rdquo; wailed Tuppence.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Cheer up, old thing, it can&rsquo;t be helped.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Can&rsquo;t it, though!&rdquo; Tuppence&rsquo;s little chin shot out defiantly. &ldquo;Do you
      think this is the end? If so, you&rsquo;re wrong. It&rsquo;s just the beginning!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The beginning of what?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Of our adventure! Tommy, don&rsquo;t you see, if they are scared enough to run
      away like this, it shows that there must be a lot in this Jane Finn
      business! Well, we&rsquo;ll get to the bottom of it. We&rsquo;ll run them down! We&rsquo;ll
      be sleuths in earnest!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, but there&rsquo;s no one left to sleuth.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No, that&rsquo;s why we&rsquo;ll have to start all over again. Lend me that bit of
      pencil. Thanks. Wait a minute&mdash;don&rsquo;t interrupt. There!&rdquo; Tuppence
      handed back the pencil, and surveyed the piece of paper on which she had
      written with a satisfied eye:
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What&rsquo;s that?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Advertisement.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You&rsquo;re not going to put that thing in after all?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No, it&rsquo;s a different one.&rdquo; She handed him the slip of paper.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy read the words on it aloud:
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;<b>Wanted</b>, any information respecting Jane Finn. Apply <abbr class="initialism eoc">YA</abbr>.&rdquo;
     </p>


</section></body></html>
