<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: http://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 26</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-26" epub:type="chapter">
    <h2 epub:type="title"><span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXVI</span><span epub:type="subtitle">Mr. Brown</span></h2>
    <p>
      Sir James&rsquo;s words came like a bomb-shell. Both girls looked equally
      puzzled. The lawyer went across to his desk, and returned with a small
      newspaper cutting, which he handed to Jane. Tuppence read it over her
      shoulder. Mr. Carter would have recognized it. It referred to the
      mysterious man found dead in New York.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;As I was saying to Miss Tuppence,&rdquo; resumed the lawyer, &ldquo;I set to work to
      prove the impossible possible. The great stumbling-block was the
      undeniable fact that Julius Hersheimmer was not an assumed name. When I
      came across this paragraph my problem was solved. Julius Hersheimmer set
      out to discover what had become of his cousin. He went out West, where he
      obtained news of her and her photograph to aid him in his search. On the
      eve of his departure from New York he was set upon and murdered. His body
      was dressed in shabby clothes, and the face disfigured to prevent
      identification. Mr. Brown took his place. He sailed immediately for
      England. None of the real Hersheimmer&rsquo;s friends or intimates saw him
      before he sailed&mdash;though indeed it would hardly have mattered if they
      had, the impersonation was so perfect. Since then he had been hand and
      glove with those sworn to hunt him down. Every secret of theirs has been
      known to him. Only once did he come near disaster. Mrs. Vandemeyer knew
      his secret. It was no part of his plan that that huge bribe should ever be
      offered to her. But for Miss Tuppence&rsquo;s fortunate change of plan, she
      would have been far away from the flat when we arrived there. Exposure
      stared him in the face. He took a desperate step, trusting in his assumed
      character to avert suspicion. He nearly succeeded&mdash;but not quite.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t believe it,&rdquo; murmured Jane. &ldquo;He seemed so splendid.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The real Julius Hersheimmer <i>was</i> a splendid fellow! And Mr. Brown is a
      consummate actor. But ask Miss Tuppence if she also has not had her
      suspicions.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Jane turned mutely to Tuppence. The latter nodded.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I didn&rsquo;t want to say it, Jane&mdash;I knew it would hurt you. And, after
      all, I couldn&rsquo;t be sure. I still don&rsquo;t understand why, if he&rsquo;s Mr. Brown,
      he rescued us.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Was it Julius Hersheimmer who helped you to escape?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence recounted to Sir James the exciting events of the evening, ending
      up: &ldquo;But I can&rsquo;t see <i>why!</i>&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Can&rsquo;t you? I can. So can young Beresford, by his actions. As a last hope
      Jane Finn was to be allowed to escape&mdash;and the escape must be managed
      so that she harbours no suspicions of its being a put-up job. They&rsquo;re not
      averse to young Beresford&rsquo;s being in the neighbourhood, and, if necessary,
      communicating with you. They&rsquo;ll take care to get him out of the way at the
      right minute. Then Julius Hersheimmer dashes up and rescues you in true
      melodramatic style. Bullets fly&mdash;but don&rsquo;t hit anybody. What would
      have happened next? You would have driven straight to the house in Soho
      and secured the document which Miss Finn would probably have entrusted to
      her cousin&rsquo;s keeping. Or, if he conducted the search, he would have
      pretended to find the hiding-place already rifled. He would have had a
      dozen ways of dealing with the situation, but the result would have been
      the same. And I rather fancy some accident would have happened to both of
      you. You see, you know rather an inconvenient amount. That&rsquo;s a rough
      outline. I admit I was caught napping; but somebody else wasn&rsquo;t.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tommy,&rdquo; said Tuppence softly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes. Evidently when the right moment came to get rid of him&mdash;he was
      too sharp for them. All the same, I&rsquo;m not too easy in my mind about him.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Why?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Because Julius Hersheimmer is Mr. Brown,&rdquo; said Sir James dryly. &ldquo;And it
      takes more than one man and a revolver to hold up Mr. Brown....&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence paled a little.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What can we do?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Nothing until we&rsquo;ve been to the house in Soho. If Beresford has still got
      the upper hand, there&rsquo;s nothing to fear. If otherwise, our enemy will come
      to find us, and he will not find us unprepared!&rdquo; From a drawer in the
      desk, he took a service revolver, and placed it in his coat pocket.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Now we&rsquo;re ready. I know better than even to suggest going without you,
      Miss Tuppence&mdash;&mdash;&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I should think so indeed!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;But I do suggest that Miss Finn should remain here. She will be perfectly
      safe, and I am afraid she is absolutely worn out with all she has been
      through.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      But to Tuppence&rsquo;s surprise Jane shook her head.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No. I guess I&rsquo;m going too. Those papers were my trust. I must go through
      with this business to the end. I&rsquo;m heaps better now anyway.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Sir James&rsquo;s car was ordered round. During the short drive Tuppence&rsquo;s heart
      beat tumultuously. In spite of momentary qualms of uneasiness respecting
      Tommy, she could not but feel exultation. They were going to win!
    </p>
    <p>
      The car drew up at the corner of the square and they got out. Sir James
      went up to a plain-clothes man who was on duty with several others, and
      spoke to him. Then he rejoined the girls.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No one has gone into the house so far. It is being watched at the back as
      well, so they are quite sure of that. Anyone who attempts to enter after
      we have done so will be arrested immediately. Shall we go in?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      A policeman produced a key. They all knew Sir James well. They had also
      had orders respecting Tuppence. Only the third member of the party was
      unknown to them. The three entered the house, pulling the door to behind
      them. Slowly they mounted the rickety stairs. At the top was the ragged
      curtain hiding the recess where Tommy had hidden that day. Tuppence had
      heard the story from Jane in her character of &ldquo;Annette.&rdquo; She looked at the
      tattered velvet with interest. Even now she could almost swear it moved&mdash;as
      though <i>some one</i> was behind it. So strong was the illusion that she almost
      fancied she could make out the outline of a form.... Supposing Mr. Brown&mdash;Julius&mdash;was
      there waiting....
    </p>
    <p>
      Impossible of course! Yet she almost went back to put the curtain aside
      and make sure....
    </p>
    <p>
      Now they were entering the prison room. No place for anyone to hide here,
      thought Tuppence, with a sigh of relief, then chided herself indignantly.
      She must not give way to this foolish fancying&mdash;this curious
      insistent feeling that <i>Mr. Brown was in the house</i>.... Hark! what was that?
      A stealthy footstep on the stairs? There <i>was</i> some one in the house!
      Absurd! She was becoming hysterical.
    </p>
    <p>
      Jane had gone straight to the picture of Marguerite. She unhooked it with
      a steady hand. The dust lay thick upon it, and festoons of cobwebs lay
      between it and the wall. Sir James handed her a pocket-knife, and she
      ripped away the brown paper from the back.... The advertisement page of a
      magazine fell out. Jane picked it up. Holding apart the frayed inner edges
      she extracted two thin sheets covered with writing!
    </p>
    <p>
      No dummy this time! The real thing!
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve got it,&rdquo; said Tuppence. &ldquo;At last....&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The moment was almost breathless in its emotion. Forgotten the faint
      creakings, the imagined noises of a minute ago. None of them had eyes for
      anything but what Jane held in her hand.
    </p>
    <p>
      Sir James took it, and scrutinized it attentively.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; he said quietly, &ldquo;this is the ill-fated draft treaty!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;We&rsquo;ve succeeded,&rdquo; said Tuppence. There was awe and an almost wondering
      unbelief in her voice.
    </p>
    <p>
      Sir James echoed her words as he folded the paper carefully and put it
      away in his pocket-book, then he looked curiously round the dingy room.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It was here that our young friend was confined for so long, was it not?&rdquo;
       he said. &ldquo;A truly sinister room. You notice the absence of windows, and
      the thickness of the close-fitting door. Whatever took place here would
      never be heard by the outside world.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence shivered. His words woke a vague alarm in her. What if there <i>was</i>
      some one concealed in the house? Some one who might bar that door on them,
      and leave them to die like rats in a trap? Then she realized the absurdity
      of her thought. The house was surrounded by police who, if they failed to
      reappear, would not hesitate to break in and make a thorough search. She
      smiled at her own foolishness&mdash;then looked up with a start to find
      Sir James watching her. He gave her an emphatic little nod.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Quite right, Miss Tuppence. You scent danger. So do I. So does Miss
      Finn.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; admitted Jane. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s absurd&mdash;but I can&rsquo;t help it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Sir James nodded again.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You feel&mdash;as we all feel&mdash; <i>the presence of Mr. Bown</i>. Yes&rdquo;&mdash;as
      Tuppence made a movement&mdash;&ldquo;not a doubt of it&mdash; <i>Mr. Brown is
      here</i>....&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;In this house?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;In this room.... You don&rsquo;t understand? <i>I am Mr. Brown</i>....&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Stupefied, unbelieving, they stared at him. The very lines of his face had
      changed. It was a different man who stood before them. He smiled a slow
      cruel smile.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Neither of you will leave this room alive! You said just now we had
      succeeded. <i>I</i> have succeeded! The draft treaty is mine.&rdquo; His smile grew
      wider as he looked at Tuppence. &ldquo;Shall I tell you how it will be? Sooner
      or later the police will break in, and they will find three victims of Mr.
      Brown&mdash;three, not two, you understand, but fortunately the third will
      not be dead, only wounded, and will be able to describe the attack with a
      wealth of detail! The treaty? It is in the hands of Mr. Brown. So no one
      will think of searching the pockets of Sir James Peel Edgerton!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      He turned to Jane.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You outwitted me. I make my acknowledgments. But you will not do it
      again.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      There was a faint sound behind him, but, intoxicated with success, he did
      not turn his head.
    </p>
    <p>
      He slipped his hand into his pocket.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Checkmate to the Young Adventurers,&rdquo; he said, and slowly raised the big
      automatic.
    </p>
    <p>
      But, even as he did so, he felt himself seized from behind in a grip of
      iron. The revolver was wrenched from his hand, and the voice of Julius
      Hersheimmer said drawlingly:
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I guess you&rsquo;re caught redhanded with the goods upon you.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The blood rushed to the K.C.&lsquo;s face, but his self-control was marvellous,
      as he looked from one to the other of his two captors. He looked longest
      at Tommy.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You,&rdquo; he said beneath his breath. &ldquo;<i>You!</i> I might have known.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Seeing that he was disposed to offer no resistance, their grip slackened.
      Quick as a flash his left hand, the hand which bore the big signet ring,
      was raised to his lips....
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;&lsquo;<i>Ave, Cæsar! te morituri salutant</i>,&rsquo;&rdquo; he said, still looking at Tommy.
    </p>
    <p>
      Then his face changed, and with a long convulsive shudder he fell forward
      in a crumpled heap, whilst an odour of bitter almonds filled the air.
    </p>


</section></body></html>
