<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: http://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 28</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-28" epub:type="chapter">
    <h2 epub:type="title"><span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXVIII</span><span epub:type="subtitle">And After</span></h2>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That was a mighty good toast, Jane,&rdquo; said Mr. Hersheimmer, as he and his
      cousin were being driven back in the Rolls-Royce to the <i>Ritz</i>.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;The one to the joint venture?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No&mdash;the one to you. There isn&rsquo;t another girl in the world who could
      have carried it through as you did. You were just wonderful!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Jane shook her head.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t feel wonderful. At heart I&rsquo;m just tired and lonesome&mdash;and
      longing for my own country.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That brings me to something I wanted to say. I heard the Ambassador
      telling you his wife hoped you would come to them at the Embassy right
      away. That&rsquo;s good enough, but I&rsquo;ve got another plan. Jane&mdash;I want you
      to marry me! Don&rsquo;t get scared and say no at once. You can&rsquo;t love me right
      away, of course, that&rsquo;s impossible. But I&rsquo;ve loved you from the very
      moment I set eyes on your photo&mdash;and now I&rsquo;ve seen you I&rsquo;m simply
      crazy about you! If you&rsquo;ll only marry me, I won&rsquo;t worry you any&mdash;you
      shall take your own time. Maybe you&rsquo;ll never come to love me, and if
      that&rsquo;s the case I&rsquo;ll manage to set you free. But I want the right to look
      after you, and take care of you.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s what I want,&rdquo; said the girl wistfully. &ldquo;Some one who&rsquo;ll be good to
      me. Oh, you don&rsquo;t know how lonesome I feel!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Sure thing I do. Then I guess that&rsquo;s all fixed up, and I&rsquo;ll see the
      archbishop about a special license to-morrow morning.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, Julius!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well, I don&rsquo;t want to hustle you any, Jane, but there&rsquo;s no sense in
      waiting about. Don&rsquo;t be scared&mdash;I shan&rsquo;t expect you to love me all at
      once.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      But a small hand was slipped into his.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I love you now, Julius,&rdquo; said Jane Finn. &ldquo;I loved you that first moment
      in the car when the bullet grazed your cheek....&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Five minutes later Jane murmured softly:
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t know London very well, Julius, but is it such a very long way
      from the Savoy to the <i>Ritz?</i>&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It depends how you go,&rdquo; explained Julius unblushingly. &ldquo;We&rsquo;re going by
      way of Regent&rsquo;s Park!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, Julius&mdash;what will the chauffeur think?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;At the wages I pay him, he knows better than to do any independent
      thinking. Why, Jane, the only reason I had the supper at the Savoy was so
      that I could drive you home. I didn&rsquo;t see how I was ever going to get hold
      of you alone. You and Tuppence have been sticking together like Siamese
      twins. I guess another day of it would have driven me and Beresford stark
      staring mad!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh. Is he&mdash;&mdash;?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Of course he is. Head over ears.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I thought so,&rdquo; said Jane thoughtfully.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Why?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;From all the things Tuppence didn&rsquo;t say!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;There you have me beat,&rdquo; said Mr. Hersheimmer. But Jane only laughed.
    </p>
    <p>
      In the meantime, the Young Adventurers were sitting bolt upright, very
      stiff and ill at ease, in a taxi which, with a singular lack of
      originality, was also returning to the <i>Ritz</i> via Regent&rsquo;s Park.
    </p>
    <p>
      A terrible constraint seemed to have settled down between them. Without
      quite knowing what had happened, everything seemed changed. They were
      tongue-tied&mdash;paralysed. All the old <i>camaraderie</i> was gone.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence could think of nothing to say.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy was equally afflicted.
    </p>
    <p>
      They sat very straight and forbore to look at each other.
    </p>
    <p>
      At last Tuppence made a desperate effort.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Rather fun, wasn&rsquo;t it?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Rather.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Another silence.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I like Julius,&rdquo; essayed Tuppence again.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy was suddenly galvanized into life.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You&rsquo;re not going to marry him, do you hear?&rdquo; he said dictatorially. &ldquo;I
      forbid it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh!&rdquo; said Tuppence meekly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Absolutely, you understand.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;He doesn&rsquo;t want to marry me&mdash;he really only asked me out of
      kindness.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s not very likely,&rdquo; scoffed Tommy.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It&rsquo;s quite true. He&rsquo;s head over ears in love with Jane. I expect he&rsquo;s
      proposing to her now.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;She&rsquo;ll do for him very nicely,&rdquo; said Tommy condescendingly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t you think she&rsquo;s the most lovely creature you&rsquo;ve ever seen?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, I dare say.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;But I suppose you prefer sterling worth,&rdquo; said Tuppence demurely.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&mdash;oh, dash it all, Tuppence, you know!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I like your uncle, Tommy,&rdquo; said Tuppence, hastily creating a diversion.
      &ldquo;By the way, what are you going to do, accept Mr. Carter&rsquo;s offer of a
      Government job, or accept Julius&rsquo;s invitation and take a richly
      remunerated post in America on his ranch?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I shall stick to the old ship, I think, though it&rsquo;s awfully good of
      Hersheimmer. But I feel you&rsquo;d be more at home in London.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I don&rsquo;t see where I come in.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I do,&rdquo; said Tommy positively.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence stole a glance at him sideways.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;There&rsquo;s the money, too,&rdquo; she observed thoughtfully.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What money?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;We&rsquo;re going to get a cheque each. Mr. Carter told me so.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Did you ask how much?&rdquo; inquired Tommy sarcastically.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; said Tuppence triumphantly. &ldquo;But I shan&rsquo;t tell you.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Tuppence, you are the limit!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It has been fun, hasn&rsquo;t it, Tommy? I do hope we shall have lots more
      adventures.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You&rsquo;re insatiable, Tuppence. I&rsquo;ve had quite enough adventures for the
      present.&rdquo;
 </p>
    <p>
&ldquo;Well, shopping is almost as good,&rdquo; said Tuppence dreamily.
&ldquo;Think of buying old furniture, and bright carpets, and futurist silk
      curtains, and a polished dining-table, and a divan with lots of cushions.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Hold hard,&rdquo; said Tommy. &ldquo;What&rsquo;s all this for?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Possibly a house&mdash;but I think a flat.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Whose flat?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You think I mind saying it, but I don&rsquo;t in the least! <i>Ours</i>, so there!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You darling!&rdquo; cried Tommy, his arms tightly round her. &ldquo;I was determined
      to make you say it. I owe you something for the relentless way you&rsquo;ve
      squashed me whenever I&rsquo;ve tried to be sentimental.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tuppence raised her face to his. The taxi proceeded on its course round
      the north side of Regent&rsquo;s Park.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You haven&rsquo;t really proposed now,&rdquo; pointed out Tuppence. &ldquo;Not what our
      grandmothers would call a proposal. But after listening to a rotten one
      like Julius&rsquo;s, I&rsquo;m inclined to let you off.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You won&rsquo;t be able to get out of marrying me, so don&rsquo;t you think it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What fun it will be,&rdquo; responded Tuppence. &ldquo;Marriage is called all sorts
      of things, a haven, and a refuge, and a crowning glory, and a state of
      bondage, and lots more. But do you know what I think it is?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;A sport!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And a damned good sport too,&rdquo; said Tommy.
    </p>
</section></body></html>
