<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: http://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 7</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-7" epub:type="chapter">
    <h2 epub:type="title"><span epub:type="z3998:roman">VII</span><span epub:type="subtitle">The House in Soho</span></h2>
    <p>
      Whittington and his companion were walking at a good pace. Tommy started
      in pursuit at once, and was in time to see them turn the corner of the
      street. His vigorous strides soon enabled him to gain upon them, and by
      the time he, in his turn, reached the corner the distance between them was
      sensibly lessened. The small Mayfair streets were comparatively deserted,
      and he judged it wise to content himself with keeping them in sight.
    </p>
    <p>
      The sport was a new one to him. Though familiar with the technicalities
      from a course of novel reading, he had never before attempted to &ldquo;follow&rdquo;
       anyone, and it appeared to him at once that, in actual practice, the
      proceeding was fraught with difficulties. Supposing, for instance, that
      they should suddenly hail a taxi? In books, you simply leapt into another,
      promised the driver a sovereign&mdash;or its modern equivalent&mdash;and
      there you were. In actual fact, Tommy foresaw that it was extremely likely
      there would be no second taxi. Therefore he would have to run. What
      happened in actual fact to a young man who ran incessantly and
      persistently through the London streets? In a main road he might hope to
      create the illusion that he was merely running for a bus. But in these
      obscure aristocratic byways he could not but feel that an officious
      policeman might stop him to explain matters.
    </p>
    <p>
      At this juncture in his thoughts a taxi with flag erect turned the corner
      of the street ahead. Tommy held his breath. Would they hail it?
    </p>
    <p>
      He drew a sigh of relief as they allowed it to pass unchallenged. Their
      course was a zigzag one designed to bring them as quickly as possible to
      Oxford Street. When at length they turned into it, proceeding in an
      easterly direction, Tommy slightly increased his pace. Little by little he
      gained upon them. On the crowded pavement there was little chance of his
      attracting their notice, and he was anxious if possible to catch a word or
      two of their conversation. In this he was completely foiled; they spoke
      low and the din of the traffic drowned their voices effectually.
    </p>
    <p>
      Just before the Bond Street Tube station they crossed the road, Tommy,
      unperceived, faithfully at their heels, and entered the big Lyons&rsquo;. There
      they went up to the first floor, and sat at a small table in the window.
      It was late, and the place was thinning out. Tommy took a seat at the
      table next to them, sitting directly behind Whittington in case of
      recognition. On the other hand, he had a full view of the second man and
      studied him attentively. He was fair, with a weak, unpleasant face, and
      Tommy put him down as being either a Russian or a Pole. He was probably
      about fifty years of age, his shoulders cringed a little as he talked, and
      his eyes, small and crafty, shifted unceasingly.
    </p>
    <p>
      Having already lunched heartily, Tommy contented himself with ordering a
      Welsh rarebit and a cup of coffee. Whittington ordered a substantial lunch
      for himself and his companion; then, as the waitress withdrew, he moved
      his chair a little closer to the table and began to talk earnestly in a
      low voice. The other man joined in. Listen as he would, Tommy could only
      catch a word here and there; but the gist of it seemed to be some
      directions or orders which the big man was impressing on his companion,
      and with which the latter seemed from time to time to disagree.
      Whittington addressed the other as Boris.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy caught the word &ldquo;Ireland&rdquo; several times, also &ldquo;propaganda,&rdquo; but of
      Jane Finn there was no mention. Suddenly, in a lull in the clatter of the
      room, he got one phrase entire. Whittington was speaking. &ldquo;Ah, but you
      don&rsquo;t know Flossie. She&rsquo;s a marvel. An archbishop would swear she was his
      own mother. She gets the voice right every time, and that&rsquo;s really the
      principal thing.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy did not hear Boris&rsquo;s reply, but in response to it Whittington said
      something that sounded like: &ldquo;Of course&mdash;only in an emergency....&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Then he lost the thread again. But presently the phrases became distinct
      again whether because the other two had insensibly raised their voices, or
      because Tommy&rsquo;s ears were getting more attuned, he could not tell. But two
      words certainly had a most stimulating effect upon the listener. They were
      uttered by Boris and they were: &ldquo;Mr. Brown.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Whittington seemed to remonstrate with him, but he merely laughed.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Why not, my friend? It is a name most respectable&mdash;most common. Did
      he not choose it for that reason? Ah, I should like to meet him&mdash;Mr.
      Brown.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      There was a steely ring in Whittington&rsquo;s voice as he replied:
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Who knows? You may have met him already.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Bah!&rdquo; retorted the other. &ldquo;That is children&rsquo;s talk&mdash;a fable for the
      police. Do you know what I say to myself sometimes? That he is a fable
      invented by the Inner Ring, a bogy to frighten us with. It might be so.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;And it might not.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I wonder ... or is it indeed true that he is with us and amongst us,
      unknown to all but a chosen few? If so, he keeps his secret well. And the
      idea is a good one, yes. We never know. We look at each other&mdash; <i>one of
      us is Mr. Brown</i>&mdash;which? He commands&mdash;but also he serves. Among
      us&mdash;in the midst of us. And no one knows which he is....&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      With an effort the Russian shook off the vagary of his fancy. He looked at
      his watch.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes,&rdquo; said Whittington. &ldquo;We might as well go.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      He called the waitress and asked for his bill. Tommy did likewise, and a
      few moments later was following the two men down the stairs.
    </p>
    <p>
      Outside, Whittington hailed a taxi, and directed the driver to go to
      Waterloo.
    </p>
    <p>
      Taxis were plentiful here, and before Whittington&rsquo;s had driven off another
      was drawing up to the curb in obedience to Tommy&rsquo;s peremptory hand.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Follow that other taxi,&rdquo; directed the young man. &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t lose it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The elderly chauffeur showed no interest. He merely grunted and jerked
      down his flag. The drive was uneventful. Tommy&rsquo;s taxi came to rest at the
      departure platform just after Whittington&rsquo;s. Tommy was behind him at the
      booking-office. He took a first-class single ticket to Bournemouth, Tommy
      did the same. As he emerged, Boris remarked, glancing up at the clock:
      &ldquo;You are early. You have nearly half an hour.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Boris&rsquo;s words had aroused a new train of thought in Tommy&rsquo;s mind. Clearly
      Whittington was making the journey alone, while the other remained in
      London. Therefore he was left with a choice as to which he would follow.
      Obviously, he could not follow both of them unless&mdash;&mdash; Like
      Boris, he glanced up at the clock, and then to the announcement board of
      the trains. The Bournemouth train left at 3.30. It was now ten past.
      Whittington and Boris were walking up and down by the bookstall. He gave
      one doubtful look at them, then hurried into an adjacent telephone box. He
      dared not waste time in trying to get hold of Tuppence. In all probability
      she was still in the neighbourhood of South Audley Mansions. But there
      remained another ally. He rang up the <i>Ritz</i> and asked for Julius
      Hersheimmer. There was a click and a buzz. Oh, if only the young American
      was in his room! There was another click, and then &ldquo;Hello&rdquo; in unmistakable
      accents came over the wire.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That you, Hersheimmer? Beresford speaking. I&rsquo;m at Waterloo. I&rsquo;ve followed
      Whittington and another man here. No time to explain. Whittington&rsquo;s off to
      Bournemouth by the 3.30. Can you get there by then?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The reply was reassuring.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Sure. I&rsquo;ll hustle.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The telephone rang off. Tommy put back the receiver with a sigh of relief.
      His opinion of Julius&rsquo;s power of hustling was high. He felt instinctively
      that the American would arrive in time.
    </p>
    <p>
      Whittington and Boris were still where he had left them. If Boris remained
      to see his friend off, all was well. Then Tommy fingered his pocket
      thoughtfully. In spite of the carte blanche assured to him, he had not yet
      acquired the habit of going about with any considerable sum of money on
      him. The taking of the first-class ticket to Bournemouth had left him with
      only a few shillings in his pocket. It was to be hoped that Julius would
      arrive better provided.
    </p>
    <p>
      In the meantime, the minutes were creeping by: 3.15, 3.20, 3.25, 3.27.
      Supposing Julius did not get there in time. 3.29.... Doors were banging.
      Tommy felt cold waves of despair pass over him. Then a hand fell on his
      shoulder.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Here I am, son. Your British traffic beats description! Put me wise to
      the crooks right away.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s Whittington&mdash;there, getting in now, that big dark man. The
      other is the foreign chap he&rsquo;s talking to.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;m on to them. Which of the two is my bird?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy had thought out this question.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Got any money with you?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Julius shook his head, and Tommy&rsquo;s face fell.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I guess I haven&rsquo;t more than three or four hundred dollars with me at the
      moment,&rdquo; explained the American.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy gave a faint whoop of relief.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Oh, Lord, you millionaires! You don&rsquo;t talk the same language! Climb
      aboard the lugger. Here&rsquo;s your ticket. Whittington&rsquo;s your man.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Me for Whittington!&rdquo; said Julius darkly. The train was just starting as
      he swung himself aboard. &ldquo;So long, Tommy.&rdquo; The train slid out of the
      station.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy drew a deep breath. The man Boris was coming along the platform
      towards him. Tommy allowed him to pass and then took up the chase once
      more.
    </p>
    <p>
      From Waterloo Boris took the tube as far as Piccadilly Circus. Then he
      walked up Shaftesbury Avenue, finally turning off into the maze of mean
      streets round Soho. Tommy followed him at a judicious distance.
    </p>
    <p>
      They reached at length a small dilapidated square. The houses there had a
      sinister air in the midst of their dirt and decay. Boris looked round, and
      Tommy drew back into the shelter of a friendly porch. The place was almost
      deserted. It was a cul-de-sac, and consequently no traffic passed that
      way. The stealthy way the other had looked round stimulated Tommy&rsquo;s
      imagination. From the shelter of the doorway he watched him go up the
      steps of a particularly evil-looking house and rap sharply, with a
      peculiar rhythm, on the door. It was opened promptly, he said a word or
      two to the doorkeeper, then passed inside. The door was shut to again.
    </p>
    <p>
      It was at this juncture that Tommy lost his head. What he ought to have
      done, what any sane man would have done, was to remain patiently where he
      was and wait for his man to come out again. What he did do was entirely
      foreign to the sober common sense which was, as a rule, his leading
      characteristic. Something, as he expressed it, seemed to snap in his
      brain. Without a moment&rsquo;s pause for reflection he, too, went up the steps,
      and reproduced as far as he was able the peculiar knock.
    </p>
    <p>
      The door swung open with the same promptness as before. A villainous-faced
      man with close-cropped hair stood in the doorway.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well?&rdquo; he grunted.
    </p>
    <p>
      It was at that moment that the full realization of his folly began to come
      home to Tommy. But he dared not hesitate. He seized at the first words
      that came into his mind.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Mr. Brown?&rdquo; he said.
    </p>
    <p>
      To his surprise the man stood aside.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Upstairs,&rdquo; he said, jerking his thumb over his shoulder, &ldquo;second door on
      your left.&rdquo;
     </p>


</section></body></html>
