<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: http://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 23</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-23" epub:type="chapter">
    <h2 epub:type="title"><span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXIII</span><span epub:type="subtitle">A Race Against Time</span></h2>
    <p>
      After ringing up Sir James, Tommy&rsquo;s next procedure was to make a call at
      South Audley Mansions. He found Albert discharging his professional
      duties, and introduced himself without more ado as a friend of Tuppence&rsquo;s.
      Albert unbent immediately.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Things has been very quiet here lately,&rdquo; he said wistfully. &ldquo;Hope the
      young lady&rsquo;s keeping well, sir?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s just the point, Albert. She&rsquo;s disappeared.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;You don&rsquo;t mean as the crooks have got her?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;They have.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;In the Underworld?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;No, dash it all, in this world!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It&rsquo;s a h&rsquo;expression, sir,&rdquo; explained Albert. &ldquo;At the pictures the crooks
      always have a restoorant in the Underworld. But do you think as they&rsquo;ve
      done her in, sir?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I hope not. By the way, have you by any chance an aunt, a cousin, a
      grandmother, or any other suitable female relation who might be
      represented as being likely to kick the bucket?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      A delighted grin spread slowly over Albert&rsquo;s countenance.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;m on, sir. My poor aunt what lives in the country has been mortal bad
      for a long time, and she&rsquo;s asking for me with her dying breath.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy nodded approval.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Can you report this in the proper quarter and meet me at Charing Cross in
      an hour&rsquo;s time?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I&rsquo;ll be there, sir. You can count on me.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      As Tommy had judged, the faithful Albert proved an invaluable ally. The
      two took up their quarters at the inn in Gatehouse. To Albert fell the
      task of collecting information. There was no difficulty about it.
    </p>
    <p>
      Astley Priors was the property of a Dr. Adams. The doctor no longer
      practiced, had retired, the landlord believed, but he took a few private
      patients&mdash;here the good fellow tapped his forehead knowingly&mdash;&ldquo;balmy
      ones! You understand!&rdquo; The doctor was a popular figure in the village,
      subscribed freely to all the local sports&mdash;&ldquo;a very pleasant, affable
      gentleman.&rdquo; Been there long? Oh, a matter of ten years or so&mdash;might
      be longer. Scientific gentleman, he was. Professors and people often came
      down from town to see him. Anyway, it was a gay house, always visitors.
    </p>
    <p>
      In the face of all this volubility, Tommy felt doubts. Was it possible
      that this genial, well-known figure could be in reality a dangerous
      criminal? His life seemed so open and aboveboard. No hint of sinister
      doings. Suppose it was all a gigantic mistake? Tommy felt a cold chill at
      the thought.
    </p>
    <p>
      Then he remembered the private patients&mdash;&ldquo;balmy ones.&rdquo; He inquired
      carefully if there was a young lady amongst them, describing Tuppence. But
      nothing much seemed to be known about the patients&mdash;they were seldom
      seen outside the grounds. A guarded description of Annette also failed to
      provoke recognition.
    </p>
    <p>
      Astley Priors was a pleasant red-brick edifice, surrounded by well-wooded
      grounds which effectually shielded the house from observation from the
      road.
    </p>
    <p>
      On the first evening Tommy, accompanied by Albert, explored the grounds.
      Owing to Albert&rsquo;s insistence they dragged themselves along painfully on
      their stomachs, thereby producing a great deal more noise than if they had
      stood upright. In any case, these precautions were totally unnecessary.
      The grounds, like those of any other private house after nightfall, seemed
      untenanted. Tommy had imagined a possible fierce watchdog. Albert&rsquo;s fancy
      ran to a puma, or a tame cobra. But they reached a shrubbery near the
      house quite unmolested.
    </p>
    <p>
      The blinds of the dining-room window were up. There was a large company
      assembled round the table. The port was passing from hand to hand. It
      seemed a normal, pleasant company. Through the open window scraps of
      conversation floated out disjointedly on the night air. It was a heated
      discussion on county cricket!
    </p>
    <p>
      Again Tommy felt that cold chill of uncertainty. It seemed impossible to
      believe that these people were other than they seemed. Had he been fooled
      once more? The fair-bearded, spectacled gentleman who sat at the head of
      the table looked singularly honest and normal.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy slept badly that night. The following morning the indefatigable
      Albert, having cemented an alliance with the greengrocer&rsquo;s boy, took the
      latter&rsquo;s place and ingratiated himself with the cook at Malthouse. He
      returned with the information that she was undoubtedly &ldquo;one of the
      crooks,&rdquo; but Tommy mistrusted the vividness of his imagination.
      Questioned, he could adduce nothing in support of his statement except his
      own opinion that she wasn&rsquo;t the usual kind. You could see that at a
      glance.
    </p>
    <p>
      The substitution being repeated (much to the pecuniary advantage of the
      real greengrocer&rsquo;s boy) on the following day, Albert brought back the
      first piece of hopeful news. There <i>was</i> a French young lady staying in the
      house. Tommy put his doubts aside. Here was confirmation of his theory.
      But time pressed. To-day was the 27th. The 29th was the much-talked-of
      &ldquo;Labour Day,&rdquo; about which all sorts of rumours were running riot.
      Newspapers were getting agitated. Sensational hints of a Labour <i>coup
      d&rsquo;état</i> were freely reported. The Government said nothing. It knew and was
      prepared. There were rumours of dissension among the Labour leaders. They
      were not of one mind. The more far-seeing among them realized that what
      they proposed might well be a death-blow to the England that at heart they
      loved. They shrank from the starvation and misery a general strike would
      entail, and were willing to meet the Government half-way. But behind them
      were subtle, insistent forces at work, urging the memories of old wrongs,
      deprecating the weakness of half-and-half measures, fomenting
      misunderstandings.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy felt that, thanks to Mr. Carter, he understood the position fairly
      accurately. With the fatal document in the hands of Mr. Brown, public
      opinion would swing to the side of the Labour extremists and
      revolutionists. Failing that, the battle was an even chance. The
      Government with a loyal army and police force behind them might win&mdash;but
      at a cost of great suffering. But Tommy nourished another and a
      preposterous dream. With Mr. Brown unmasked and captured he believed,
      rightly or wrongly, that the whole organization would crumble
      ignominiously and instantaneously. The strange permeating influence of the
      unseen chief held it together. Without him, Tommy believed an instant
      panic would set in; and, the honest men left to themselves, an
      eleventh-hour reconciliation would be possible.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;This is a one-man show,&rdquo; said Tommy to himself. &ldquo;The thing to do is to
      get hold of the man.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      It was partly in furtherance of this ambitious design that he had
      requested Mr. Carter not to open the sealed envelope. The draft treaty was
      Tommy&rsquo;s bait. Every now and then he was aghast at his own presumption. How
      dared he think that he had discovered what so many wiser and clever men
      had overlooked? Nevertheless, he stuck tenaciously to his idea.
    </p>
    <p>
      That evening he and Albert once more penetrated the grounds of Astley
      Priors. Tommy&rsquo;s ambition was somehow or other to gain admission to the
      house itself. As they approached cautiously, Tommy gave a sudden gasp.
    </p>
    <p>
      On the second floor window some one standing between the window and the
      light in the room threw a silhouette on the blind. It was one Tommy would
      have recognized anywhere! Tuppence was in that house!
    </p>
    <p>
      He clutched Albert by the shoulder.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Stay here! When I begin to sing, watch that window.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      He retreated hastily to a position on the main drive, and began in a deep
      roar, coupled with an unsteady gait, the following ditty:
    </p>
<pre xml:space="preserve">
          I am a Soldier
          A jolly British Soldier;
          You can see that I&rsquo;m a Soldier by my feet....
</pre>
    <p>
      It had been a favourite on the gramophone in Tuppence&rsquo;s hospital days. He
      did not doubt but that she would recognize it and draw her own
      conclusions. Tommy had not a note of music in his voice, but his lungs
      were excellent. The noise he produced was terrific.
    </p>
    <p>
      Presently an unimpeachable butler, accompanied by an equally unimpeachable
      footman, issued from the front door. The butler remonstrated with him.
      Tommy continued to sing, addressing the butler affectionately as &ldquo;dear old
      whiskers.&rdquo; The footman took him by one arm, the butler by the other. They
      ran him down the drive, and neatly out of the gate. The butler threatened
      him with the police if he intruded again. It was beautifully done&mdash;soberly
      and with perfect decorum. Anyone would have sworn that the butler was a
      real butler, the footman a real footman&mdash;only, as it happened, the
      butler was Whittington!
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy retired to the inn and waited for Albert&rsquo;s return. At last that
      worthy made his appearance.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well?&rdquo; cried Tommy eagerly.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;It&rsquo;s all right. While they was a-running of you out the window opened,
      and something was chucked out.&rdquo; He handed a scrap of paper to Tommy. &ldquo;It
      was wrapped round a letterweight.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      On the paper were scrawled three words: &ldquo;To-morrow&mdash;same time.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Good egg!&rdquo; cried Tommy. &ldquo;We&rsquo;re getting going.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I wrote a message on a piece of paper, wrapped it round a stone, and
      chucked it through the window,&rdquo; continued Albert breathlessly.
    </p>
    <p>
      Tommy groaned.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Your zeal will be the undoing of us, Albert. What did you say?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Said we was a-staying at the inn. If she could get away, to come there
      and croak like a frog.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;She&rsquo;ll know that&rsquo;s you,&rdquo; said Tommy with a sigh of relief. &ldquo;Your
      imagination runs away with you, you know, Albert. Why, you wouldn&rsquo;t
      recognize a frog croaking if you heard it.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Albert looked rather crest-fallen.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Cheer up,&rdquo; said Tommy. &ldquo;No harm done. That butler&rsquo;s an old friend of mine&mdash;I
      bet he knew who I was, though he didn&rsquo;t let on. It&rsquo;s not their game to
      show suspicion. That&rsquo;s why we&rsquo;ve found it fairly plain sailing. They don&rsquo;t
      want to discourage me altogether. On the other hand, they don&rsquo;t want to
      make it too easy. I&rsquo;m a pawn in their game, Albert, that&rsquo;s what I am. You
      see, if the spider lets the fly walk out too easily, the fly might suspect
      it was a put-up job. Hence the usefulness of that promising youth, Mr. T.
      Beresford, who&rsquo;s blundered in just at the right moment for them. But
      later, Mr. T. Beresford had better look out!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy retired for the night in a state of some elation. He had elaborated
      a careful plan for the following evening. He felt sure that the
      inhabitants of Astley Priors would not interfere with him up to a certain
      point. It was after that that Tommy proposed to give them a surprise.
    </p>
    <p>
      About twelve o&rsquo;clock, however, his calm was rudely shaken. He was told
      that some one was demanding him in the bar. The applicant proved to be a
      rude-looking carter well coated with mud.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Well, my good fellow, what is it?&rdquo; asked Tommy.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Might this be for you, sir?&rdquo; The carter held out a very dirty folded
      note, on the outside of which was written: &ldquo;Take this to the gentleman at
      the inn near Astley Priors. He will give you ten shillings.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The handwriting was Tuppence&rsquo;s. Tommy appreciated her quick-wittedness in
      realizing that he might be staying at the inn under an assumed name. He
      snatched at it.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;That&rsquo;s all right.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      The man withheld it.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;What about my ten shillings?&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy hastily produced a ten-shilling note, and the man relinquished his
      find. Tommy unfastened it.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;DEAR TOMMY,
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;I knew it was you last night. Don&rsquo;t go this evening. They&rsquo;ll be lying in
      wait for you. They&rsquo;re taking us away this morning. I heard something about
      Wales&mdash;Holyhead, I think. I&rsquo;ll drop this on the road if I get a
      chance. Annette told me how you&rsquo;d escaped. Buck up.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yours,
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;TWOPENCE.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy raised a shout for Albert before he had even finished perusing this
      characteristic epistle.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Pack my bag! We&rsquo;re off!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, sir.&rdquo; The boots of Albert could be heard racing upstairs. Holyhead?
      Did that mean that, after all&mdash;&mdash; Tommy was puzzled. He read on
      slowly.
    </p>
    <p>
      The boots of Albert continued to be active on the floor above.
    </p>
    <p>
      Suddenly a second shout came from below.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Albert! I&rsquo;m a damned fool! Unpack that bag!&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, sir.&rdquo;
     </p>
    <p>
      Tommy smoothed out the note thoughtfully.
    </p>
    <p>
      &ldquo;Yes, a damned fool,&rdquo; he said softly. &ldquo;But so&rsquo;s some one else! And at last
      I know who it is!&rdquo;
     </p>


</section></body></html>
